I stay for 2 days , this hotel is very close to airport due its location and bali airport are still under construction for new expanding . Hotel itself is not new interms of average . Location not to close to kuta crowded and its good for me . Service is convenient , breakfast are so so .
This is a branch of harris hotel in bali . The other one situated on Kuta beach . okay and clean , our room on the first floor and overlooking the swimming pool so my nieces could go swimming immediately without waiting for the elevator or stairs . Service is also quite good . The problem is a narrow parking place and uncomfortable plus the location is not strategic .
Located near Ngurah Rai Airport and Kuta Beach , lots of local food around . Cozy room and fluffy pillows , the bathroom are clean , the water pressure is great . Too bad some of the ramp are too high for wheelchair . And there is no mirror in the room , only in the bathroom . But overall great place .
Stayed in this hotel for 7 - hour room during transit . It ' s very close to the Ngurah Rai airport , and they can pick you up from and give you a ride to the airport for free . The hotel is also walking distance to Lippo Mall . Love the minimalist design of the hotel . Rooms are clean , comfortable . Service is friendly .
I like the hospitality . Thank you guys . TV channel was awesome . The internet was also fast . But the room is not carpet . So I just feel not very comfortable with the wet / cool floor . I like the welcoming juice , where we can consume it always . Good job guys .
I had a long layover at Bali so I decided to book a day room at the hotel , it all worked 100 % . Airport pickup was good as was the check - in porocess . The room was clean . For the very low price I paid this was an excellent option , as I could relax and shower before going back to the airport for my long flight home .
I was looking for a transit accommodation for 12 hours between flights . Friend suggest Harris Tuban . Harris is having excellent facilities including free Airport pick up and drop off . Staff are friendly and food is great . Tried cafe couple of times food is nice .
We had an overnight layover in Bali before flying out early the following morning to Labuan Bajo . Perfect for that purpose as it was close to he airport and hotel provided free shuttle from and to the airport 24 hours . Room was clean and functional . Staff were helpful and friendly .
Arrived late at night and had an early AM departure to Gili islands , was fine for a sleep . . nice pool and bar open til 1130 . Fine for what it is , essentially a transit hotel . . 1 min drive from airport , though couldn ' t see any way to walk . . . free transfer offered but had to wait about 20 mins due to traffic .
I stayed in this hotel for only 1 night . From outsude it looks basic but the rooms are below average . Bathrooms are old and dirty , also bed sheets aren ' t clean , also the towels .
we used to stay at other hotels in kuta on our last night as the plane always leaves in the early morning , always involving a large taxi fare or to much travalling time to get to airport , we then found the harris hotel , cheap , clean , free shuttle to airport , we stay with them every time we leave or arrive .
What a great experience . We were recommended Harris as a day hotel - to leave our bag at afterchecking out of our house and before airport . It was such a good idea ! Lovely staff and environment - great pool and amenities . Will be back !
I ' ve stayed in Harris multiple times and it ' doesn ' t always a good choice . the staff is kind and the service is overall very good . It ' seems also good value . The only thing I think should be improved is Internet speed and stability .
We always stay here if arriving late or departing early from DPS . You can easily walk to the hotel from the airport and it ' s about a 20 - 25 minute walk from the hotel into the heart of Kuta . Basic , clean and good value for the price .
Close to airport this is an excellent hotel for short quiet stays . Excellent room size and facilities Buffet breakfast - Indinesian and Western style food . No lift so with heavy luggage a bit inconvenient . Only one staff member on check out desk in morning - delayed our departure somewhat .
If you need a mid - range hotel right next to the airport yet quiet , this is the place . Very reasonably priced , great service and nice breakfast buffet . The rooms are basic and some have lots of stairwells to navigate but the concierge is there to assist . Free shuttle provided to the airport as well .
This is a great airport hotel . Staff is friendly , room is large , clean and comfortable . The hotel grounds are kept in good condition and the pool looks beautiful but we didn ' t go in . There ' s also a spa . We did not have breakfast . Roundtrip airport shuttle is a huge plus . Great value and highly recommend !
We needed somewhere to shower and rest before our midnight flight out .
If your looking for a reasonably priced Hotel very close to the airport this place is ideal . So close you could actually walk . The rooms are small but adequate . Ideal for a one night stay - there ' s not much to do in the surrounding area . All in all , comfortable , the staff very friendly and the location to the airport excellent .
Stayed here one night , very close to the airport that ' s why we picked it , rooms average , breaky average and very noisey . Probably wouldn ' t go back , price was ok for what u got though .
Room was 329 . I was bitten by bedbugs on my neck and am still itching after 2 weeks . Room wasn ' t too clean and the aircon very noisy . Breakfast was OK , service friendly , but I can ' t give this hotel a better mark .
We decided to have dinner here before our flight out of Bali . Nice crisp clean air conditioned restaurant but grossly over priced . IDR90K for spaghetti bolognese . It was an entree size . Eat elsewhere if you want to not overspend and pay more than what the food is worth .
We came back from Ceningan on an early boat and booked this room close to airport . We only had room for 7 hours and it was well worth it for the shower and somewhere cool . * * * * Rooms stink like smoke and cigars .
This was for an overnight stay in Bali , as reported it is near to the airport so good access to the airport , the hotel reception area gives you a false sense of security a facade behind that is a noisy hotel with small rooms that need some TLC , the bar is poorly stocked and consists of a couple of Chairs and tables at the back of the reception .
We only experienced this hotel as a transit hotel and for this purpose it was an excellent choice , quiet and comfortable and with a free shuttle to the airport early in the morning , had we known we would have booked the shuttle to the hotel also as it is VERY close .
simple and cheap rooms but very good facilities ( pool , spa ) . Out room and the road side and close to the réception was a but noisy , but staff was really nice and the breakfast was ok .
It ' s very close to International terminal . Less than 10 minutes walk . The service were good , worth the money I spent for booking . Airport pickup / dropoff service also available if you luggage is too big / heavy to be carried / strolled . Definitely a nice place to stay for those in transit or want to access the airport easily .
Stayed one night while in transit . The hotel met our needs as it is very convieintly located near the airport . The room was small but clean and comfortable . The price included breakfast which was very nice with a large selection of food . We would stay here again in the future if the need arises .
Stayed for one night here on way to Lovina in North Bali . Can ' t complain . It was clean . Staff very helpful . Nice , but small rooms . For a stopover for one or two nights it ' s ideal . Only a few minutes from Airport . Breakfast was very ordinary . But all in all . Very good .
This is the 2nd time I have used this hotel for a short stopover between flights . The hotel is less than 10 minutes from the airport and the pickup and drop off are easy to arrange through the hotel . The rooms are clean and comfortable enough for a short stay and there is a pool and spa facilities . I would be happy to use again .
Great service and staff were very helpful and friendly . Location and price is great if your flight arrives very late and / or leaves early as they also have free airport transfers 24 / 7 . There were a few stains on towels and bed sheets but that seems to be a Bali - wide issue rather than just this hotel . Also the room service and cafe food was delicious .
This is a greet place for a relaxed stop . You can walk from the airport ! It ' s only about 300 metres . Nice rooms , swimming pool , lovely breakfast and really good staff . The surrounding area has some small marts for last minute items and some local style restaurants .
I stayed at this hotel for 1 ( one ) night to catch my flight in the morning . Room was okay , price was okay . The best thing of this hotel is that they have airport shuttle for free . Recommended if you want to stay near airport , but if you don ' t have to deal with airport please go somewhere else .
Located next to the airport , no need to worry about traffic to the airport . The room is quite nice and clean for a nice price . Good for transit hotel with a nice price . The staff is nice , the breakfast was standard .
I recently stayed at this hotel in transit to Lombok . Close to the airport really friendly staff , free shuttle to and from airport and to go shopping . Breakfast mostly Asian but can get omelette a to order . Overall very happy & good price . Room was very clean & very quiet .
Right next to the airport . This hotel is clean and quiet and well suited for a stopover . The layout of the hotel is a little strange ( lots of ups and downs with bags ) . Well suited for its purpose . There is also a shuttle bus . Not much in the surrounding area .
Its only a short stay for me and my wife but everything went very good . The arrangement for pick up and drop off airport was very good and in time , the staff are very friendly and helpful , quick check in , very cozy room . . its just great . . . Definitely we will come back and stay in this hotel . . .
We used the Harris as a base for a visit around East Java . The hotel was very covenient . The location , very close to the airport , is very good , On our return from East Java we returned to the Harris for a stopover for six hours before catching our international flight on to Sydney .
i stayed with my husband and our kids in a suite room , the room is large and so comfort . My kids were enjoy . The staff were helpful . Breakfast is so delicious , unfortunately they forgot to give us welcome drink .
Got room in front of the pool . . Nice price , nice room . . Breakfast was good . . Location is good , near the airport . . But there is no elevator , i need to use stair . . It is good for short trip or for sleeping only . .
I arrived late at night and just needed somewhere to sleep before travelling to Ubud the next day . The Harris Hotel is very close to the airport . The room was a little Spartan , but the common areas were delightful , and it was wonderful to have so much light in the corridors , thanks to the novel design . The staff were friendly and helpful , and the breakfast was nice .
Good for short brake before take off , hotel transfer or one day stay as next to airport with free transfer . Small rooms but clean . Located far from beach , and builders are all around . Do not take it as relaxing holliday .
We haft to book a room for 1 night due to flight mick up , we booked in after midnight and the staff couldn ' t be more helpful and friendly , the room is sufficient , clean and has good its close to Kuta but far enough to be a bit less hectic .
Although this hotel is small in size , this hotel is quite comfortable and offers a good value of money . It ' s clean , good size of room and friendly staff . Wi - fi connection is good and free of charge .
Within a reasonable walking distance from the airport ( except you have to go around a rather long fence to get there ) . Modern hotel , no nonsense good service . Definitely value for money . Ideal for a late night arrival or early morning departure .
although the location of the hotel is very close to the Ngurah Rai airport , but the atmosphere is quiet enough to relax and also very easy to become a meeting place with family and partners .
This hotel we Stayed in this hotel for just day rest as our flight was late at night . The rooms are adequate , clean . . a little musty but overall it was at a bargain price of $ 60 . The hotel has free transfers to the airport , it ' s literally next door . The staff are super bubbly and friendly .
It ' s very near the airport like less than 5min . Even tho i stay only for 1 night and arriving late , i still get picked up . Room & bathroom is clean . Price is budget and it has free wifi ! Many hotels do not give free wifi , so this is great !
Friendly staff with lovely clean rooms , although they were quite dark inside . Nice clean pool to lounge around , breakfast was average but it ' s easy to go elsewhere . Very close to airport , and they can arrange transport for free - so perfect for an overnight stay .
A very good option for those that need to stay close to Denpassar airport . Efficient shuttle service , very friendly staff and decent rooms with free wi fi . An honest hotel . Breakfast is a bit limited in " western " options ( spaghetti carbonara , anyone ? ) .
have to catch a morning flight back to our home , this a smart option . just a step away from the airport with pick up and drop service . situated within nice area , it ' s not crowded at all . we always ask to have a room in the opposite of swimming pool and we ' re enjoy walking to kuta in the evening . room is smallish and compact .
staff is incredibly nice and friendly . . . . . breakfast good , Airport pick up and Drop and free WiFi are Pluses for reconsidering to stay again . However , if rates keep going up . ( service still same ) . . then competition might get tough with more other options . . . . . better keep rates reasonable . . . . . . .
We had a layover in Bali so we didn ' t want to be far from the airport . So glad to stay at Harris Kuta Tuban , the staff are really friendly and were so helpful too allow us to have a early check - in so that we could relax before taking our next flight .
The room is nice and clean , and very closes to the airport , not far to the others places the staffs were polite , the food is ok and had a free shutle bus which i didnt know until the staff told me about it , i appreciated thanks .
3 stars because i wouldnt call it very good but it is above average hotel but so close to the airport . stayed here because i got very sick .
I love to stay at Harris Tuban . It ’ s close to the airport , only bus ( I ’ m sorry to say ) probably need to have a good air conditioner . The driver is good and friendly . I love to stay at Harris Tuban . And tell to all friends to stay there .
Since I started to stay at this hotel , I get to know some of the staff , makes it easier to communicate when I need something , like extra bottles of water , extra toilet paper and pick up / transfer from and to the airport . In general , it is a perfect location for transit . .
I stay there to take a time before a long way flying back to my country , it is near the airport , they have pick up service anddrop off , that ' s why O decided to stay there . The food is amazing , they are very happy people and nice . So many facilities . I relaxed a lot .
Had to stay here due to a delayed flight , would not recommend . The complementary buffet food had been sitting out for hours , when we went to order food instead of taking the risk it was going to be an hour wait for spaghetti . . others in our group ordered food and when they received it it was all cold ( pizza , burger , and spaghetti ) .
A regular stop for us in Bali , located right next to the airport and close enough to main shopping strips with plenty of eating and restaurant choices , with a large mall only 10min walk away . Exceptionally friendly service by all staff , great pool area and relaxing comfortable rooms .
We stayed here for our really short 7 hour layover in Bali . We didnt fancy staying in the airport for that long and thankfully we found this place ! they picked us up from the arrivals and shuttled us to the hotel in a matter of minutes . We used the spa massage and had in room dining and was fantastic for that really short stop over . Staff were all fantastic !
The service was very good . But the hotel should work on its poor internet connection . We couldn ’ t find internet at night and the connection was not secure . Apart from that the staff were friendly and the view was good .
We chose HARRIS Hotel as we were srriving to Bali late at night . Free shuttle to and from airport was great tho we did have trouble finding our driver as he was already taking other clients and hadnt returned yet to the airport .
This was the first time I stayed at the hotel for transit en - route to Sydney . I can only recommend highly of the professionalism of the staff , cleanliness and facilities in the room , airport transfer with very polite drivers . Will always choose to stay here !
Excellent hotel , staff and facilities . Never have any trouble with my bookings etc . Intend to use in future visits to Bali . There was no trouble checking in or out . Room was clean and facilities were excellent .
Conveniently located near the airport for those late flight arrivals . Only downside was the very loud 5 . 15am wakeup call from the call to prayer down the road . Out of the hotel ' s control , but still . . .
The location close to airport and hotel prepare ti pick up and drop to airport . Front desk staff is very welcome and humble welcoming me . For me the negative thing is bath towel not so good , and also the breakfast restaurant not so responsive .
Excellent location and service , except the price . Booked thru Agoda and during the booking it ' s hard to notice that they have this Transit offer which means you can only use the room for 7hrs and you have to pay 135 , 000 IDR equivalent to 10 USD to avail the room for overnight .
It is a hotel that is very near Ngurah Rai Airport , only take 5 minutes by car . The airport shuttle is very good as it saves money from the expensive taxi at the airport counter . The hotel ' s staff were very friendly and responsive and the hotel room was spacious . Overall , it was an pleasant experience to stay at Harris Tuban .
We booked a 7 hour transit room here before our late evening flight out and it was lovely . Clean rooms , friendly staff , free transfer to airport which runs every 30mins . Our room was 506 , 000rp which we thought was very reasonable .
We flew in late so stayed here one night before commencing our trip . For $ 50 , 000rp it had a pick up from the airport , WiFi , 2 bottles of water , toothbrush etc . it ’ s a big hotel with clean rooms and everything you need . I would stay here again as a stop over .
My flight is 7 in the morning so i choose this hotel . . The hotel is very near to the airport and they have free shuttle every 30 minute . . very close to mall ( sorry i forgot the name ) by walk around 9 minute . The room not big but comfortable . .
We had one night at Harris in between flights . The staff were all very friendly , the room was clean and the free shuttle bus service to and from the airport was excellent . The room service had limited menu ( at 3am ) but what we could order was fresh and good quality .
Loud loud loud ! All night ! Had a flight at 7 . 40am and was still awake at 2am . Noise from kitchen and reception all night . Room was next to pedestrian footpath on a busiest cut thru , horrendous . Guests shouting til early hours .
Nice place to stay close to airport . AC was very noisy couldn ' t sleep well . . . Pool is nice and rooms are spacious . All in all not too bad . Breakfast wasn ' t included . Staff super friendly . And close to airport .
Have stayed at Harris Hotel several times prior to a flight - airport transfers are efficient and free , the rooms are bright and comfortable , with good wi - fi and a good selection of TV - channels . There is a pool and a spa .
The location is excellent . Near airport and kuta . The hotel provides transportation to airport and Lippo mal Kuta . So , it is a perfect choice for you who find good location and good value of money .
If need a place for a night or 2 transitting through Bali ( as i do more than a dozen times a year ) harris tuban is place for you . Quick walk to and from airport . Clean rooms , good ac , hot shower , clean sheets and decent breakfast .
We book for two rooms . The hotel was nice . They have great service and hospitality from all the staff especially their manager Ms . Rajani . The rooms was super clean , fresh , and comfy . The pool was nice and clean , breakfast was delicious but need bit more variative . We were really happy staying in this hotel .
We needed to be close to the airport due to an early flight . It was the right choice and a free shuttle was an added bonus . Rooms were clean and comfortable . Service was good too . Good location for food in area local and western .
Booked a transit room for between flights . Room was clean , bed very comfortable and all the amenities we needed were onsite . We ate at the café service was excellent as was food . Only problem was the noise , we were trying to have an afternoon sleep before an early morning flight and there was lots of noise from in the hotel and outside .
I booked this hotel as a transit room . But it is so quiet and in such a great location i would stay there again . The rooms are very clean and contain everything you would need . There is a nice pool . The hotel offers free transport to the airport and also to Kuta square and other locations .
Tired rooms - hotel rooms clearly havent had renovation for long time . The room also didnt feel clean enoughNo noise isolation - could hear the road outside , and once prayer time started at around 4 .
Great value for money , very near the airport , nice and clean room , quiet hallway , had a good night rest . Food was a little too salty , had the nasi goreng kampung and soto ayam and strawberry juice , reasonable prices for the food and drink .
Very close to the airport but we didn ' t hear any airplane , receiving a baby coat which is surprisingly good for my baby and her brother to sleep in , cozy bed , I will definitely go back to this hotel again .
I stayed for two nights and had two rooms with connecting doors . The service was excellent and the staff very friendly and well spoken in English . I arrived at midnight from the airport which is five minutes away . The staff were very efficient and fast at checking and a porter showed me my room which overlooks a superb swimming pool which has a call phone service for requesting food and drinks .
I used the hotel for a transit stop in Bali . Very good service . I was picked up from the airport and delivered back to the airport as requested . Hotel is a few minutes drive from the airport and food and drink are available in the hotel and at shops near the hotel .
Great hotel location , friendly staff , delicious food , clean comfortable room . Very good massage at the Spa , nice pool . Of the minuses note bad Internet and noise from the construction site nearby . For us , these disadvantages were insignificant .
So that night I was ordering oxtail soup . I ate some but it ’ s really shocking because I found a maggots . In my soup . Disgusting . Makes me sick and vomit . I have a picture of it . I will not recommend to eat at Harris restaurant .
We arrived late at night do we needed a clean place to stay , the hotel offered us free pick up from the hotel . The staff is amazing we checked - in in no time , our room was nice and clean . The breakfast was delicious not much variety but was enough for is .
I stayed at the Harris for 1 evening on my way back to Australia . Service was friendly , room very clean and the bed comfortable . Just what I needed before flying home . Breakfast was plenty of fruit , pancakes and of course good coffee .
Perfect cheap hotel close to airport . We booked day use for 6 hours before fly out . Good cheap hotel for eha4 we wanted . Bathroom was clean however shower had mould . Good value for basic facilities . .
Budget accommodation with excellent breakfast and friendly , helpful staff . Free airport shuttles 24 hours . WiFi speed was poor . ATM nearby and nice sate across the road . The pool looked nice although we didn ' t get a chance to use it .
We used the Harris Hotel to store our bags & to have shower facilities before our late night flight . The hotel was clean with a very decent pool & is located within walking distance to 2 shopping malls , Kuta beach & the airport . So it was convenient in every way . The free airport transfer inclusion was a bonus too .
If you need to go to airport early morning then you should definitely stay at this hotel . They will " wake you up " if you ask them to , so you are not late . They have drop service to airport and its free of charge , you can always give a tips to the driver up to you .
So we stayed one night in this hotel and it was alright . Nothing more nothing less . They had a pool which looked ok , and a gym . The gym needs to improve immensely though since all the equipment is rusty or broken . The room was alright but with dirty sheets ( looked like a dirty footprint ) so we asked them to change it which they did straight away .
So . . . you are in transit waiting for your next flight and have been kicked out of your hotel at mid - day . This is the answer . 10 minutes by their free shuttle to the airport . Clean , nice pool , good food ( tho of course unexciting ) and helpful staff . A lot better than hanging around for 9 hours at the airport in Denpasar .
Booked a room for 6 hours as we had a late flight . Rooms were clean , comfy bed , amenities , bottled water and good room service . They also offer a free shuttle service to the airport which is 5 minutes away .
We stayed at the Harris hotel at the start and end of our Bali vacation . It is a 5 minute walk to the airport or a 7 minute drive . The the bed was comfortable . The room was cool w / a lot of natural light . The breakfast buffet was full and plentiful and the staff very helpful . Simple lodging for an airport hotel .
I had to book a hotel quickly and stumbled upon this hotel . I didn ' t expect much but this was a really nice hotel . The staff was great , providing the documents I needed to be printed . Also , their room service was great : the food was delicious and I found myself ordering more . Overall , I recommend this place .
Booked in for day use before late flight . Hotel is old and needs attention . Reception would not change a 50k note for transport . Room was booked for 1pm check in , waited for an hour as room not ready . As a Harris hotel fan and member I was very very disappointed with the standard of property and service . Would not recommend .
Stayed here in a transit room ( 7 hour block ) after checking out of another hotel in Legian to wait for our late evening flight . Everything you need , free shuttle , cheap food , clean room , AC , pool . Friendly helpful staff . Can ’ t ask for much more for around $ 40 Australian .
I like the view of the hotel , the environment , the people , the service , the location is very comfortable and the meals . One of the important element that I have to recognize that your hotel is very safe and I have never worry to leave my stuff inside the hotel when I want to go out .
Clean room with free toiletries . Took the bali massage and it was heavenly . Didn ’ t realize there was a gym too until I saw it by accident . A bit noisy room since 6 am families started to play loudly in the inner yard which woke me up and I was tired for the rest of the day .
Its proximity to airport was our primary condition in choosing Harris Hotel as a transit hotel prior to our trip back home . Staff was pleasant , reliable and helpful . My only complaint is room cleanliness . But we only stayed for less than 7 hours so we didn ' t mind it very much .
Over all is good , but please maintenance your internet because so slowly and bad signal . . I cant connect to WIFI . Its too make me dizzy , because my job need a fast internet . Hopely getting better for the next .
We arrived late and stayed at Harris before departing the following day . Staff are amazing , the 24 hour food service was convenient and surprisingly tasty food . Had connecting rooms and recommend the stay for anyone needing to be close to airport . Outside along road are conveniant stores and warungs .
Lovely hotel . Rooms are small . The location right next to the airport allow you to walk to the airport itself ! Hence , if you wanna save up the taxi fare and want to avoid the jam , then this is a perfect spot !
I decided to stay at Harris after my flight bookings kept cancelling because of the recent volcano warnings . Being at Harris helped relief me from my stress . It is well equip and it is within the shopping vicinity which made it very convenient . If we were to return to Bali again , we would definitely reconsider staying at Harris Hotel again .
Overall is good . Food is good . Breakfast is good and worthy . Service is good . Airport pickup is very excellent . Shower is good . The downsides are the rooms have cigarettes smell and internet too slow .
Located right near the airport with free airport shuttle . Pick up was good . As regards the rooms they desperately need a new coat of paint as it ’ s looking old . The mattress was comfortable and breakfast was good .
Great location for business trip . . near airport , plenty of restos and bistros around . . room is standard , good slerping ecperience , staff are courteous , 24 - hour free airport shuttle . . . breskfast is ok though more on Indonesian cuisine . .
I had a night flight and need cheap , close to airport hotel just so my kids able to take a nap for a while . The price offered is better compared to took paid late checkout in 5 stars hotel . Pros : They have free airport transfer , every 15 minutes . Cons : Wifi is not stable .
Clean and comfortable , friendly staff , comfortable bed . Very convenient for airport , free shuttle bus takes about 5mins , can walk in 10 , but have to cross and walk along crazy roads . Good value for money , would visit again if I needed a stopover . Food slightly pricey but delicious and well cooked . I had the chicken satay with 2 dips .
Spent a night to get to airport very early morning . Found the hotel to have good modern facilities , clean , comfortable bed , tea and coffee and includes transport to the airport anytime of day . Within walking distance of Tuban beach and restaurants .
we book one night by booking and come one night earlier . . . aimwas to know if there vwere some place available that cause troubles to the reception . . . they were not capable to bill us the 2 night More they oblige me to pay the 2 nights at the begenning of the stay as I usely pay at the checkout . . .
We used this hotel for our first night on Bali - it was OK from that perspective . Clean , a bit basic , breakfast was OK ( pancakes and omelettes made to order ) . Price / quality ratio was ok . By the way , we walked over to the Envy restaurant for dinner at the beach - see review .
Room dirty , pavements dark in room and in the bathrooms . Only one slip and only one toothbrusher when we was two . This is not for a hotel with 4 stars . The pavimenta must be cleaning .
We stayed at the hotel for one night due to an early morning flight . The location was perfect for this . The room wasn ' t clean and filled with bugs . Breakfast was not included in the price . Gym had short opening hours .
We had 5 hours to spend between flights . Harris hotel in Denpasar has the possibility to rent a room for 7 hours . Room has everything for a pleasant stay . Coffee and tea facilities , good shower , free Wifi , tv , toiletries . Good shuttle service to and from airport . And that for a very reasonably price !
Smokers in adjoining room we can smell cigarettes smoke in our room . We are Not Happy with the noise from either the adjoining room or from the corridor . Rotten egg odour from the shower drain and shower head poorly installed .
The room was filthy . Stains in the tiles that could be cleaned . Shower recess was dirty . Towels were old and grey and smelly . . . . felt dirtier after shower then before it . . . .
Pretty good value for money , well located close to the airport for an over night stay between flights . The pool and facilities seemed nice enough , but I wasn ' t staying long enough to get a chance to try them out . Breakfast was ok , not the best I have had , but there was something for everybody .
Hotel was really good , as were the staff . Location was excellent and suited us as we wanted to be close to the airport . Pick up and drop off to the airport was great . Liked the pool and the room , breakfast was OK .
Next time i Hope it would be better . Next time it s try to pick me up to the ariport . . . is a lovely hotel but i don t understand if i ask you to pick me ar the ariport and you didn t no because i don t write the number of flight . . . i put the hour . . .
Reliable airport pick up and best location for short transit . The room was a bit tired with very strong smoke smell . Tried the room service ( fried rice ) which was ok , but it took a while to prepare .
We booked 2 rooms as transit rooms before our late flight . . Rooms were cosy except one room had a very musty smell to it . For the price great . Better than sitting at the airport for hours we couldn ' t even hear the planes , within a taxi ride to kuta to kill time . . We will book again .
Please request the front part of the hotel because the view at the back part of the hotel view is the motor bike parking and you can hear the bike sound in the morning .
This is a 3 star style hotel very close to the airport . They offer transfers in the room cost and do this efficiently . The rooms are basic and clean , and relatively quiet . Which is all you need for a transit or overnight visit .
Close to airport and convenient ! ! It was a lovely view from our room and very comfortable - most hotels near the airport are sketchy but not this one . , only problem we had was setting up the airport transfer for pickup . There was some miscommunication and had to catch a cab which we overpaid for how close it was . .
good location for stopovers , money changers , phone shop . and local supermarket close . hotel and room good enough although i think the maintenance is starting to slip , the bathroom was a bit mouldy and no hot water . we only stayed one night so not big concerne for us .
The room was disgusting . Stains on the sheets . Smelly bathroom . Dirty bathroom surfaces . The airport shuttle service was nice . But that was the only redeeming quality . Was way overpriced for what it ' s worth .
Stayed for one night for our connecting flight . Location is perfect , near Airport . Quick check in and out is a bonus . Staff are friendly . The Hotel provides a free airport shuttle too . The only thing that need to be improved are bed and pillows , they are too hard . But overall . . . . it is a good choice of hotel for one night stay .
Good choice if you have early flight arrival / departure . However , we requested non - smoking room and there had clearly been smokers in the room . Also paid several month in advance , but on check - out were charged slightly more as the rates had gone up — which seemed like a weird policy . Otherwise , we were generally satisfied .
On arriving check in was fast , however , there were several hairs and stains on the bedding including blood on a pillow case - clearly had not been changed . Good location wise , close to the airport but would never stay again or recommend .
Our second stay exactly one year later and it was like coming home . Clean , relaxed and peaceful . The staff are all so lovely and always willing to help with anything - taxis , umbrellas , information . I especially appreciated all their help when I was stressing out about getting to the airport on Nyepi Eve . See you next year !
Staying at Kubu Campaka was ideal for our needs . A lovely 15 min walk to the beach , out of the Main Street but not far from great restaurants like Kilo . Staff couldn ' t be more helpful and eager to help . Rooms as spotless clean , pool very well kept . Food is simple , so not the best selling point . But everything else was excellent .
We stayed here for 3 days but wish it was more ! The hotel is spotless , the staff are friendly and the rooms are fully equipped plus spacious . Can not believe how cheap it was to stay here . Wifi is also great . Only criticism would be the guests who were very noisy at night time which was a bit disruptive in terms of trying to sleep .
We booked this hotel from home based on the good reviews and it more than met our expectations . This is the best value hotel I ' ve found in Indonesia so far . The rooms are large , well appointed and spotless . The staff were young , friendly and gemerally amazing ( especially Tia : ) ) .
Good value for money ! Located at the center of seminyak and very close to lots of restaurants , bars , shops , etc . . . but at the same time in a very calm and quiet area . Friendly staff , comfortable room , nice pool and good WiFi . The only inconvenient is the breakfast , it should be bigger but for the rest I loved my stay here !
The hotel provides all amenities that a guest can ask for . Helpful staff , comfortable rooms and great service . Our room was pool facing and the balcony provided perfect space to chill in evenings . Going above and beyond , the front office staff even arranged for cabs and bike rentals .
What you see is what you get : But they also have very nice staff , clean rooms and a beautiful garden with pool . The beach is 1 , 0 kilometer walk and the hotel is located near Bintang market . We will be back with our baby for sure !
We came upon this place by mistake and moved in for a week . 20 rooms over two floors overlooking a pool and large garden . Mediocre breakfast and very little going on at other times . The rooms very basic with all Formica plastic surfaces . They could of made more of an effort in the interior decoration .
I stayed in this hotel just one night but i liked it . It was quiet and relaxing , modern room , good quality breakfast . After the check out they take care of your laggages and they have permitted me to relax in the garden and it is possible to use the beautiful swimming pool waiting for your driver to go to airport .
We visited Kubu Cempaka for three nights in July . Within walking distance of bars , shops and the beach . The hotel room was spacious , clean and nicely decorated . The staff are extremely welcoming and always willing to help . A wide range of breakfast choices , all of which were very tasty .
Amazing place . Great discovery . Incredibly affordable . Attentative staff . Super clean . Relaxing quiet central spot ! ! Could not recommend more . This is my first review as I was so keen to do one for this place ! New facilities too !
Our first stay in Bali and couldn ' t of been happier . Great price , room was awesome , modern and tidy with the best pressured shower ever !
At one of the busiest tourist location , Kubu Cempaka brings serenity at its best . Great location yet not too noisy of cars or motorcycle during day . And romantic night with sound of cricket sometimes . Breakfast with option but taste delicious . Friendly staff and spacious room and super clean . Surely my fav hotel in seminyak and definitely will comeback !
We stayed 5 nights and our room was not cleaned . Make up service was so bad . Reception always forgets everything . For breakfast all soft drinks should be complimentary because guests may want to drink orange juice at breakfast . air conditioners not enough in the room .
Good place to stay . Only thing is that you need to be aware the western breakfasts arent as big as you ' re probably used to . Go for the nasi dishes . Local food and shopping is good and theres a mini mart down the road .
Tucked away in a serene and quiet place minutes away from the hustle of the main road of Seminyak , this is a great hotel . Stayed there for 4 days and loved it . Peaceful and great hotel staff . Breakfast portion was very small though which was disappointing but everything else was great ! Please improve your breakfast portions as very tiny !
We stayed here for our 1 year wedding anniversary the staff were very friendly and helpful . The food in the restaurant was good . The service was wonderful . The only down point is when you walk down the street there is a couple of dogs that will bark and semi jump on you but over time they will get used to seeing you .
Nice small hotel ( 20 rooms ) with excellent service for a reasonable price . It was my third visit to this hotel . I like the location : the area is quite but in 5 minutes walk you are in the busy part ( for restaurants , shops etc ) .
My family and I stayed 3 nights here . Quiet location in busy Seminyak . It ' s not recommended to walk back to hotel when it ' s dark because of dogs in the alley . Other than that , this is a beautiful hotel with everything we need . Rooms are clean and spacious . Staff are warm and welcoming ! Will return !
Booked this hotel already in Holland . Nice room , good pool and extreem friendly service . Breakfast was good . The road to the hotel might seem a little funny , but once there you wil find yourselves in a nice green environment . Slight shortage of poolbeds . Distance to the beach is about 15 minutes walk .
This is my third stay at KubuCempaka Seminyak , and I had a pleasant stay . The location is quite hidden , in a good way , because it ' s kinda peaceful and quiet staying there . The staffs there are really friendly and very helpful . The room is spacious , it is also clean and tidy . Overall , I had a really great stay there .
We stayed 9 nights and we ' re looked after wonderfully . On arrival I realised I had made a booking error and the manager happily cancelled my booking with no fee and helped me book the right rooms . Pool is great and the staff were great with the kids . We would happily stay again anytime .
The staff was extra friendly and helpful , arranging for a box lunch as we had to leave at 5 AM . Also they helped with returning the pocket wifi we rented , as we could leave it with them and there were no issues . The rooms are simple , clean and comfortable .
Stayed for 1 week whilst in Bali , fantastic value , staff friendly and helpful , good sized rooms , cleaned every day , plenty of choice for breakfast . Pool and grounds verry attractive and kept clean . About 5 min walk to road with plenty of shops bars and restaurants . Walk to beach was about 15 mins .
I stayed in this hotel twice and will go back for sure ! Nice staff very clean room and pool , in a quiet area but close to town . Breakfast good but could be served a bit faster ! Bed very comfortable and minibar prices ok as well . Staff very helpful all the time .
Lovely little place on a quiet street off one of the main roads . only about 20 or so rooms here so it doesn ' t have that crowded hotel feeling which is great if you ' ve been traveling for a while and over the hustle . Breakfast is good and the staff are very attentive and friendly .
Friendly staff and they provided everything we needed . The bnb is clean and well kept , WELL WORTH THE PRICE . Breakfast portions are a little small depending what you get , so a heads up for the hungry ones in the morning . But otherwise we had a great experience !
My husband and I had a very good time here . The staff is very diligent and at your service all the time . Services are good . The Kitchen closes at 11pm so that ' s one thing to keep in mind if you wish to stay here . Rest all was good . Cleanliness specifically is very good , both indoors and outdoors .
This was our fourth visit to this small hotel tucked away in noisy down town Seminyak , once again the staff where very attentive and made us feel very welcome and rather special . The pool area and gardens are great and a welcome relief from the noise and traffic outside . Yes I would come back again If my age and credit card lets me .
Don ' t expect luxury but excellent value for money . About $ 30 for a room inclusive of breakfast . Nice location very close to the main shopping street but on a quiet road . Go to Taman Bumbu down the street for lunch or dinner .
The hotel is nice . The pool and everything . Location is good about 15 mins to walk to the beach . Only one thing that I don ' t like is breakfast , too small portion . You have to choose between juice or fruit . I think it should serve together .
We stayed for 1 week at the hotel . It was awesome staying here ! It was quiet and peacefull and we had a nice and modern room ! On walking distance to Seminyak centre and the beach . Affordable prices for food and drinks . Waiters are a little bit slow and don ' t work organized ( sometimes it looked like they didn ' t know what to do ) .
A great little hotel to stay location wise as it ' s at the center of seminyak . Can easily access seminyak with walking distance . Room is spacious but average . Staff are welcoming and friendly . Must got help from reception to help uber driver found the way inside as its located in a small street .
Stayed here for 3 nights . The room is nice and clean and the hotel has a nice small pool to relax by . Breakfast is ok and you get to choose from several options . I always went for the Balinese which was good . Although the hotel is located a bit from the beach its no problem to walk there . Nice cheap warungs nearby .
Great location , super attentive staff with a typical balinese smile : ) lovely garden ! Breakfast was a little on the small side , but you don ' t really need more in this heat . A great experience . . . the only no was the room a little on the small side . . .
This place is about 250m of Legian st I is quiet , clean and new . The rooms are all to a good standard and for the price against the area it is great value for money . If I was to visit the area again I would re visit . I personally didn ' t like Seminyak or Kuta . This is not Bali .
Fantastic small hotel , close to all that Seminyak has to offer . An oasis of peace and quiet once your on site . Highly recommend to anyone wanting a quiet sanctuary from the busy streets . Breakfast is great with plenty of choices . Staff happy to help at any time . Rooms have aircon , TV and bar fridge .
I had a ground floor room close to the pool , reception and dining area . The room was very clean and the staff took great care daily to ensure a quality high standard result . The food was tasty and varied with choices of local Indonesian and European dishes and I can say was never disappointed . with reasonable prices for both alcohol and food .
I had a very nice stay at the kudu cempaka . I arrived to the hotel when I had the bali belly and the staff and all of the other guests helped me with medicine and food . They all were so nice ! ! Very nice rooms , very nice pool , very nice staff ! Thank you Kubu Cempaka !
stayed 3 nights here and enjoyed it . the location was away from the busy intersection so it was a nice , quiet setting but still walking distance from the shopping / dining areas . the room i had was on the ground floor and led to the pool . the room accomodations were also good . the staff was always friendly and helpful . excellent way to have started my vacation !
I stayed here with my husband on two seperate occasions during our recent trip to Bali . The rooms are simple but clean and spacious . The pool is gorgeous . The lawned area is lovely and we enjoyed the entertainment they provide on Friday and Saturday nights . The staff were really good and also friendly and helpful . The food was also good . Incredible value for money .
Booked this hotel for two nights , it is in a great location , close walk to many shops . It is a smaller hotel which makes it feel less crowded and more comfortable . The room is quite big as well as the bathroom . The staff are very friendly and nice . The only cons are that the WiFi barely works and the bed is a bit firm .
Amazing service , staff are very friendly and helpful . We reserved a room at the Garden Room across the street and after speaking to the manager Raj , he was able to rearrange for a room at the Beach Room side with a view of the ocean for us . Thank you to Putu and Raj for helping us with our room , we really enjoyed our stay !
We stayed for 2 nights in this lovely resort . The staff was extremely helpful and accomodating . Our room was facing to the ocean , very clean and comfortable . The garden area was very well maintained , they also have sauna and plunge pool at their spa . Infinity pool was breathtaking . A simply getaway in a paradise island !
This was our 2nd time staying here . Excellent resort with great facilities and wonderful staff ! I loved the infinity pool and my wife really enjoyed the spa . They also have special services for guests with flights departing late at night , such as use of the spa showers and changing rooms , even after checking out . Special thanks to Putu and all the staff for making our stay memorable !
Resort located very strategic location , close by the shop and bar . Resort it self provide bicycle for free so we can reach some places around Seminyak . Spa very great , they provide sauna . Breakfast really variety . Will coming back soon .
Had a very relaxing 4 nights stay at Seminyak Beach resort . Every single service staff was friendly and helpful . Ricco and Putu were really nice going the extra mile to make sure we were ok . Infinity pool right beside the beach was awesome ! room deco was a little dated but it was clean , with new air conditioning that was quiet and the hot water pressure was excellent .
We had wonderful stay in this resort . Excellent service from the staff . We used to stay in many hotels but the staff here made us feel safe and warm . Thank you for having us and we are hoping to stay here again next year !
I have come to The Seminyak Resort and Spa with family to celebrate a small occasion . Mr Raj , who is a property manager has made extra efforts to make this occasion really special for our family . Humble thanks to him and team for each and every effort . We are delighted and would definitely come back to stay with you .
beautiful stay for our 25th wedding anniversary . staff were exceptional and nothing was too much trouble . pools , bars and restaurants were excellent . we stayed in the garden wing across the road and our room was lovely although smelt a bit mouldy the first couple of days . early December is a quiet time for them so we had many facilities to ourselves . priceless .
We stayed at the beach room on the ground floor for two nights , the room is super clean and the view is just amazing access to garden resort . location of this hotel is perfect . The staff are super friendly make our stayed comfortable and it feels like home , so sad we only stayed for 2 nights .
The service was exceptional ! Room was clean and spacious . Breakfast was very delicious with a great view . However , they can change the decor of the lobby since it appears to look unupdated and old . Overall , it was a pleasure to stay in this resort .
Beautiful resort I could not fault . This 5 star resort deserves its rating The staff are the best , the rooms the cleanest , the bed the most comfortable , soft large pillows . Fruit basket on arrival . Clean pool area . No noisy beach clubs .
We stayed at the seminyak beach resort and spa for 6 nights . The rooms are lovely the view from the pool is stunning , but the best part of the hotel is the hotel staff . We had the pleasure of meeting Akram in customer services and he was amazing ! He went above and beyond ! A true gentleman and an absolute asset to the hotel !
Our first time in Bali and Seminyak Beach Resort and Spa had left us an impression . I ' m impressed by their service , their beautiful smiles and always laughing at my joke . People from Seminyak Beach Resort and Spa , You are Seminyak . Continue the great job .
A lovely hotel next to the beach . Beautifully clean , an excellent spa and staff who are , without exception , friendly , smiling , helpful and charming . My room had a balcony overlooking the sea . Spacious , comfortable bed and huge bath . A delight . The food is excellent , if a little pricey . The grounds are beautifully maintained . All in all a super experience .
Perfect location of resort with walking distance from many restaurants and night club and market . The rooms are specious and nicely furnished and we ' ll maintained . The staff is also very polite and co - operative . However the breakfast menu was not upto the mark .
My partner and I are staying in the Oceanview villa . Our stay has been fantastic as we have enjoyed the hospitable service of the staff in this hotel , coupled with exemplary views of our villa . I have really been able to switch off from work and enjoy my holiday with my partner . I would absolutely recommend this gem to everyone .
perfect hotel facilities all you can find here and also close by to everywhere in seminyak . I was staying at the garden room from across the road . The room was really nice and clean .
Resort and staff really great . Room are big and clean . Just suggestion the variations of the breakfast must be more than now . Might be had daily special menu of the breakfast . Pool are great to enjoy the sunset .
Service from check in to check out is really good . Stayed in the villa facing the beach . Villa is big enough to have a party with outdoor dinning area . Pool is big . Good spacious room with twin sinks in the toilet and separate bathtub and shower . Comes with breakfast , at either restaurants . Had breakfast with beach view which is the best choice !
Heaven on earth with lovely staff . Room with ocean view and pool was a dream . Breakfast was very good . Good food but indonesian dishes are a little bit missing ! Fitness very goot ! Outdoor pool is great ! Unfortunately , the beach is not a dream , because a lot of plastic !
My husband and I stayed at the resort for 3 nights . We found the customer service fantastic and the room and surroundings relaxing and well - kempt . The ocean view from our room was great as well ! If only the rates were slightly more affordable .
It ' s a nice hotel with lovely ambience . The Staff are friendly and very helpful . The hotel also located in a good location , very near to restaurant and shops . They have private access to the beach too .
Was staying for 2 nights at this resort for bussiness trip . Everythings was perfect . Quite place in the middle of seminyak , staff are so friendly and polite , the view just beautiful . Will come back again sometimes with my family .
Staff are very welcome , resort very clean , infinity pool was Amazing . Very recommended resort in Seminyak . Location are close to anything . Only traffic quite us so tiring .
We stayed at the resort for 8 days for our honeymoon . It couldn ’ t have been better . These were the nicest and most friendly people / staff we have ever experienced . The grounds are beautiful , rooms clean , and they go out of their way to make sure you ’ re happy . Bottom line , highly recommend this resort .
Do not stay in this hotel , the staff steal . A dress went missing . I confronted the staff several times . The dress was never returned . The food is average too and the service is slow . There are many other better hotels to stay at .
I have NEVER encountered such rude over bearing snotty staff in all my years travelling ! Over priced pretentious vibe . The beach was so full of used nappies , rubbish and sanitary pad we would never swim in it for fear of infection ! So many other wonderful hotels to chose from !
Hotel has good location . But management is a pure disaster . No cooperation . No support . No understanding . Nothing to do with hospitality . Wanted early check in and was turned down for stupid excuses .
Extremely high humidity , damp room which smelled like mold , sheets were damp and our clothes were always damp and became mouldy when put back into our suitcase to return home . Stayed in the garden room across the street , not sure if the same problem is witch the main hotel .
The staff is very rude , not understanding , not kind , treat you like a cow to milk . I highly NOT recommend . For the price you can find much much better elsewhere . I have a wound which prevent me to do a lot of things , no consideration from the staff , just money money money .
The beach is far from what we expected when we booked a idilic honeymoon . There is literally tonnes of debris on the beach which makes it a total no go area . Maybe this is due to recent storms but still , they don ' t tell you this when you pay the $ 500usd per night !
This hotel doesn ' t tell you there are two different areas . There is a beach front area and also an area across the road a short away away . As we arrived we were unhappy that we were driven over the road in an adjacent hotel . On the website it should state there are two different accommodations .
I am very sorry but I have never experienced a more worse custumer management than in this resort . The location in Seminyak is pretty good , the rooms and the resort are beautiful . Every wish or question we had was just treated not properly and we were really happy to leave .
Although a bit pricey this place was worth it . The grounds are breathtaking , rooms nice and service above average . Great location on the beach and best breakfast buffet so far , everything was fresh , tasty and beautifully displayed .
We stayed in 4 different hotels during our 2 week stay in Bali - and this is our favorite ! The people are so friendly , the beach view room is breathtaking , the details are 5 star and we could not be happier with our stay !
Beautiful hotel set on the beachfront of Seminyak close to many shops and restaurants . Staff extremely friendly and always helpful . For those staying in the Beach Wing rooms this is seperate from the main hotel across the road . Breakfast choice of either a buffet or set dishes . Infinity pool is amazing with fabulous views of the beach . Mainly couples with small number of families .
We stayed at the Seminyak September 2017 . All I can say is this is a fantastic hotel . Luxurious rooms . Incredible infinity pool Beautiful grounds . Delicious food . Excellent staff . My only complaint is that we didn ' t stay longer .
Hotel was under renovation to which we weren ' t informed ! ! Never compensated us for this . Gym was shoved into a room & pool was half closed . Old rooms & payed full price but didn ' t get free breakfast ! !
The rooms are big , clean and comfortable . There is an infinity pool on the beach which was spectacular ! Also walking distance to the shopping stretch outside . Food in the hotel is affordable , however if you wish for other food options there are plenty of restaurant choices within walking distance outside .
Staff were polite and beach view room beautiful . The pool is also quite nice , positioned right on the beach with an amazing view ! My wife and I would not recommend the over - priced Balinese dance and dinner though . . . our time and money would have been better spent elsewhere .
we were very disappointed with the room that was given to us . the bed and the pillows were smelled , the rate of the room is expensive we expected the service and room should have been immaculate . Disappointing !
Supperb property , Awesome Cocktails @ the Sunken Bar , unprecedented hospitality and a dream beach facing infinity pool accompanying the loud sea . . . couldn ' t have ask for more . It was our honeymoon and our short stay here was a beautiful dream which passed within no time . Had it not been so expensive , we would have definitely stayed here for a week .
This resort is so close to all the action in Seminyak and right on the beach . The rooms are excellent , the staff very friendly , and the pool is a highlight . The only thing missing is a bar ( aside from the swim up version ) .
We went to Seminyak beach resort for our honeymoon in October . Weather was 28 33 celsius . Everything was amazing . When we entered the hotel they upgraded our room . Meals were delicius in hotel . You can spend your all day in the pool .
Perfect tranquil sunset while on the Terrace enjoying English tea ! We travelled to Seminyak to watch the sunset but it was an hours queue wait at The Potato Head Club on the beach front . So we walked 10 minitues to the Spa Hotel . What a delightful experience .
Fantastic budget motel . Very friendly staff , i was sick with a kidney infection on arrival & spent the night in hospital . Zest offered my husband & i an extra 2nights for free because i was sick . So amazing . Rooftop infinity pool is gorgouse , food is yummo so is the thai restaurant 4doors away Great location , very close to the beach .
Spacious room with great air conditioner . Clean and well maintained . Located along the street where lots of shop and grocery store with entertainment outlet like Bars and Pubs with live band . Pools closed at the same time . staff at the reception very apologetic and helpful .
Staff was amazing . We got the warmest welcome . They were helpful and nice . It is located in Legian . It should be one of the crowdest area in Bali . But it was so quite since the pandemic . Clean and comfortable room . Breakfast was good but could be improve . Really reccomended .
The food was awful i order there so call big breakfast what a joke some of these so called chefs and cook need take a good look in the mirror ye mate it was cheap but not worth the plate it was presented on .
3rd stay this year . Always top quality staff , meals , service and rooms . Great value for money . Don ' t have fridge in room as standard but can request . Roof top pool with towels provided . If you ' re staying in Legian the location is enormous . Thoroughly recommended . Dee and the team will look after you .
Staff brilliant . Rooms were great . Pool lovely and breakfast good . Definitely returning have already booked for next July . At night can be a bit noisy as doors and walls are thin and people when returning can forget that others are sleeping . But as stated we are booked next year .
Beautiful staff who helped my friend who was very sick with Bali Belly , called the doctor , kept asking all the time how she was ( didn ' t leave her room for 3 days ) , made special meals for her , etc . I have stayed many times & will stay again .
My husband is staying their at the moment and has stayed many times before . Everything is perfect apart from the breakfast . It is a set breakfast however it impossible to get staff attention and meals when they did come out eventually were stone cold .
I stayed for 2 nights with my family . The hotel closed to cafe sendok mas . ( + ) suitable for travellers , cheap hotel , nightlife ( - ) noisy , small parking , small room , not buffet breakfast . I ' m not sure with halal food .
We have stayed here many times and will continue to do so . The staff are always friendly . There are new front desk staff that took a little time to train and gather a smile but they all seem fine now . The restaurant is well located and open , breakfast is tasty and sufficient .
First 1 had room 105 that was fine , then i had room 317 . . i don ' t know what i was hearing above me , i think it was the pool . . that was a annoying and loud sound . .
I wasn ’ t too sure why to expect when booking this hotel . I was pleasantly surprised and have stayed here twice throughout my travels in Bali . Beds comfortable , nice size , lovely food and drinks in bar area , friendly staff , good location !
The noise from the bar next door is deafening in my room . Even with ear plugs in the noise level is simply too loud to drown it out . Don ’ t stay here unless you like sleeping to what feels like a gigantic speaker .
We had a queen size room with balcony . It had an aircon small fridge , t . v and a safe . Very clean and tidy . It is a small room but as we only had back packs this was fine . They also supply a small toothpaste and toothbrush .
I actually stayed here 2 nights as Jayakarta Club Bali was fully booked . Staff were very friendly and helpful , rooftop pool is great and the area is nearly the beach . Room is small , but the bed large , comfortable and free wifi all around . Breakfast was good . I ' d recommend for anyone to stay in this hotel .
The services is slightly slow ( specially when you order to borrow iron to the room ) . During the stay sometimes happen blacked out few times . The good side when you order in - dining , the food comes very fast and it taste good .
Food in restaurant and breakfast was excellent but this is not my sort of place to stay as I ’ m not into these type of Hotels .
Enjoyed our stay , but hotel had to many trainees , who had no idea , on a lot of things , please Zest bring in your trainnes but make sure you have senior staff to show them what to do . Good 3 star hotel though .
Nice Staff . Simple room but clean with comfortable bed and pillows . Good Breakfast with many choices . Food & Drinks at the restaurant are good . Located in the corner , The bar opposite the hotel turn the music as loud as they can until 11 : 00 PM , a bit noisy , but surprisingly the hotel provided an ear plug for the guest .
+ Nice Staff + Cheap budget Hotel + Nice Location at Legian + Clean Room + Very Comfortable Bed . + Nice infinity Pool at rooftop . + Completed Breakfast ( bread , choice of main course , juice , choice of tea / coffee ) . and the taste so Yummy . - Small Room .
wouldnt go back , too noisy , sent food back containing foods allergic to after advising so , only for it to come back with foods scraped off . ended up ill . No fridges in rooms big mistake in such a hot climate .
Nice hotel , close to the beach . The rooftop pool and bar is excellent and the kitchen was also nice . Good price , big portion . Buffet breakfast variable and tasty . Staff always kind and helpful . Only the internet connection was poor . But will be a nice memory !
Just got back after 1st stay here . Nice , new hotel . Rooftop pool is great . Choose room On level 3 , level 1 too loud from st / music . Staff need better English skills as it was hard communicating . Also slow ordering food and drinks from roof . Sometimes quicker to go get it yourself from restaurant . Would stay again .
Our recent week long stay at the Zest was very enjoyable . The staff are friendly and efficient , the rooms are small but clean and fresh . The air conditioning was lovely and cool after a day out in the heat and humidity of Bali . Breakast was nice , although choices were quite limited .
10 minutes walk to beach . Polite staff . Room is of comfortable size for a couple . Bring or buy your own toiletries from the local convenience stores . Places to eat and drink are within walking distance .
Did not stay but had the opportunity to view the rooms which for the price excellent . It is within walking distance to the beach and surrounded by many restaurants . Prices start from around $ 40 which is a bargain and maybe next time we are in Bali we will stay .
They are just open since 1 month so they need a little bit ajustements like parasols and more towels near the pool but in general it ' s very great . The pool on the roof is very beautyful . The rooms are very clean . Good special on Bingtang at the restaurant on the happy hour .
DO NOT STAY HERE . If you want to breathe or sleep . This is the first negative review I have ever left for hotel , and I ’ ve stayed in hundreds of them . For a full description , see my review on Google . Mold , chemicals , paper thin walls , misleading advertising , money - grabbing management .
Loved my say here staff are lovely especially Adinda she was always so helpful and friendly . Food in restaurant down stairs was good . The hotel was basic but perfect for what i needed .
Please have International foods not just Western or South Asia foods . Like Arabic food , Persian foods , Chinese food . Because you have global costumers . and do something for costumers to not hear bar music in their room so they sleep well .
Rooms are very clean and comfortable , staff friendly and the pool in excellent just need a few more umbrellas . Good value for money and location is great . The restaurant down stairs has a great menu .
The Zest had everything you need and would expect of a budget hotel . The room and bathroom worked well . The only suggestion I would make is that the bath towels and the beach towels could be updated as the were looking very old and grey !
Checked into this hotel for a few hours before a late night flight back to Sydney . The hotel rooms are very clean and bed was comfortable for a afternoon lie down . The roof top had an infinity pool and sunlounges with umbrellas . Found it a little noisy to read around pool as there were music speakers all around the deck area .
I just spent 8 nights in the Zest hotel legian . 1st oct to 9th oct , What a Great hotel for the price , I had friends stay at another hotel which was double the Zest and my stay was a lot more enjoyable . Great pool , friendly staff and really convenient place to access legian . would reccomend to all .
Very minimal storage and 1st floor was very noisy . Pool area was lovely but no attendants in pool bar . Breakfast choices limited but tasty .
I needed a room for the night while in transit & this hotel was the perfect choice ! You can access the beach within a short 5 minute walk through the Jayakarta resort which is practically across Zest Hotel . The room & bathroom were clean , bed was large & comfortable so its good value for the price I paid .
the bed was so comfy , the air conditioner and fridge was cold . awesome . and the staff was great and helpful . they helped with with storing my luggage when i went to another part of bali so i could travel light .
We have stayed here many times and will keep coming back . The front office staff are always very friendly and helpful . Good rooftop pool , good , not so large rooms . Good breakfast , the only let down is the restaurant staff , not very efficient .
Good location , great food . Good value for the money . Also nice staff at the hotel and restaurant . The pool from the roof was great . If I go Bali again I will go there . Windows don ’ t open in the room and no place to dry your clothes .
Little swimming pool at the roof , bar and cafe at the first floor ( break fast , lunch and dinner ) , free wifi , medium price , relaxed and comfortable , there are no sports facilities , car parking facilities are very small , only for 1 or 2 vehicles .
It ’ s a basic hotel . Great location . Best thing is the staff ! ! They were amazing . I missed my flight and they helped me not only get a new flight but allowed me to use their phone . They also allowed me to keep my luggage their after I checked out while I was waiting for an evening flight . Thanks Zest !
The room was too moisturized , the smell wasnt good enough when first in to room , the food good enough but add more variant on the menu , for the price i think . .
We stayed in this hotel for one night as we were Flying on the next morning . The room was tidy and neat . Good airco . The staff was friendly and speaks Well english . Breakfast was a little simple but we were in a hurry so Okay . Had a great night at the bar across the street . Overall a good hotel .
We stayed here for 10 nights over the Xmas / New Years break of 2018 . Staff looked after us really well . Facilities were good - except they could do with getting a new supply of towels . Location is great , only 5 - 10 min walk to the beach . For the price - its a great deal . We ' ll be back .
Great pool area , comfy beds , breakfast good but every night the restaurant across the road has a drag show which has the LOUDEST music until 11pm & then you can hear everyone coming home til all hours . CHeap & cheerful but the music is ridiculously LOUD ! !
This is our 4th stay at Zest Hotel . We usually just stay for one night but stayed 7 nights on this trip . We loved the breakfast , the roof top pool , the staff are lovely and the beds very comfy . It ’ s in a fabulous location and we just loved the price . For a budget price you get a lot .
Used the Zest on our last day as we were coming back from Nusa Lembongan and our flight didn ’ t leave till late at night . Great , quick check in . Rooms clean and bed comfortable . If staying longer would definitely get balcony room . Great position close to beach , shops and restaurants . Great rooftop pool . Excellent choice for those on a tight budget .
Rooms are basic but clean and functional and we don ’ t go to Bali to sit in the room . Location is good , beach nearby ( walk through Jayakarta Hotel ) and between Kuta and Seminyak . Staff very friendly and helpful .
We stayed here for only one night at the beginning of our trip and were pretty underwhelmed . The room was tiny , the bathroom was quite grubby and the shower had no door and flooded after being in there for only a minute . It was ok to spend one night there . The hotel staff were all lovely and helpful .
Zest is a great budget hotel , great location , rooms are clean & the bed is comfy ! Only downfall is that it can be a bit noisy with the trannie bar across the road but otherwise it is great value for money !
Clean modern room with balcony . . . . modern bathroom and fabulous staff . Positioned in a great area with plenty of shops and restaurants around it . We will definitely revisit . Breakfast was very nice . All the staff were helpful and pleasant .
My stay at the Zest hotel was great as usual . . . Great staff always helpful and very friendly . . . Rooms are always clean and resto service wonderful too . . . Maybe some umbrellas or some cover from the sun around the pool area upstairs would be appreciated but overall very nice place to stay as usual . .
Found Zest Hotel , Legian , Bali to be great value for money . The room was well maintained and clean . The bed was extremely comfortable and the restaurant meals were delicious and cheap . Unfortunately there was no shade at the rooftop pool and no tea making facilities in the room . Apart from these two things the accommodation was excellent .
Stayed again at Zest , very clean and comfortable . Great value for money can ' t beat it . Location is the best we love Zest . Breaky could improve a littke bit was better last visit . Maybe more pool towels too but nothing to complain about really . Staff are all lovely and very helpful .
We had a good stay in the hotel . Rooms are bit small but they are clean . Centrally located with good restaurants around and close to the beach . Little issue with the toilet as water was clogging in the shower area .
Quite honestly . If your a hotel critic and want the best of everything then this isn ’ t the place for you , on the other hand if you want very clean , huge beds , comfortable light filled and most of all extremely affordable accommodation with a very tasty breakfast then this is perfect .
Excellent Hotel , Rooms are small but get a balcony room . Roof Top pool is great also . The Umbrellas need to be updated as some were in need of repair . Very clean . Would recommend this hotel as value for money .
Very small room and not how the picture showed - no balcony and definitely no view of the city . Breakfast was not included but was passable . Double bed instead of 2 twins . I won ' t be back even though it was a good location .
Moved to this hotel after checking out of previous one due to dirty conditions . Clean and basic . There was no noise issues as previously mentioned in reviews . Good situation near bars and restaurants .
Great value for money , clean compact rooms . Awesome roof top pool and breakfast included is delicious . Good location easy 5 min walk to the beach and 2 min from spas , shopping at the front door ! Best to request a room not facing the street as theirs a fun bar across the road that does live shows and can be a bit noisy .
Have stayed at the zest twice now and would definitely stay again . It is a budget hotel but for the price you can not complain . The hotel is quite new , rooms are small but tidy and very clean . Location is great as is the roof top pool .
my husband and I had a balcony room which is at the back of the hotel room had all the facilites you need the air cond worked well . Pool was lovely , food is excellent at this hotel we had lunch and also dinner .
Stayed 5 nights budget hotel Comfy beds and pillows good shower and rooftop pool . Aircon great . Breakfast included adequate choices . Noise apparently but was not effected finished at 11 . 30 . Walk through Jayakarta to beachfront only 200 metres . Recommend .
We spent our last afternoon in Bali at Zest . We made a mistake to our booking but staff were very helpful to help us out . Room was clean & tidy . Was great to have somewhere to rest & get clean before our flight home . Great to have a restaurant on ground floor to fill our tummies . For us Staff were the highlight , very helpful .
The hotel is pretty new and is located in a convenient area where shops , restaurants and shopping is available . It is also easily accessible to many other popular areas . The rooms are reasonable sized with good facilities , the swimming pool is situated at the roof top and good sized . Although the service could improve at the poolside . Overall good and reasonable priced hotel to stay in a convenient location .
Eonderful rooftop pool : ) Clean and confortable room , except few ants that we have to " hunt " in the first day : ) We booked airport transfer at the hotel but the staff give us " a friend with a car " , not a hotel car or an official taxi .
Rooms are small , but just right for what I needed as I am out every day . Very clean rooms great bathroom , small refrigerator in room next to the bed . Close to the beach only a 5 min . walk . Restaurants , bars , shopping all around , laundry , money exchanges , all there too .
Small room but clean . Comfortable mattress ! Far from the main attraction which was pretty inconvenient ! Small swimming pool that we didn ' t use Average service stuff could not extend our stay in the same room ! Average breakfast !
Great value and excellent location . Rooftop pool was great . No trouble getting a sun bed like most other places . Bed was so very comfortable . Rooms at the front a little noisy until 10pm . Staff great . Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel .
We stayed for 7 nights . For the price it is an excellent hotel . Staff are friendly , rooms clean . Great location . Couldn ' t fault it at all , we will stay again . We had a fridge in the queen balcony room .
Overall good . . . . . . . Too much ants everywhere in every corner of the room and breakfast hall . . . Exhaust fans could be stronger . Should be a glassdoor by the shower , to keep clean and dry . Room slipper not available . .
An 9 days stay at a room with balcony ! Great stay , very Nice room , very comfortable bed , lovely staff . A great swimmingpool on the roof with plenty of chairs . The only thing I Really missed was a little refridgerator . They should provide .
Very happy with our stay at Zest in Legian . Clean comfortable rooms , friendly helpful staff . Enjoyed staying at Zest . The beds are so comfortable , very central location . Nothing was to much trouble at this hotel . Paid much more for places in the past and did not get the level or service we received here .
Overall rating is excellent , except for breakfast . I spent vacation will my family . Please certify halal food for moslem guests , if hotel provides non halal food , just convince the moslem guests that facilities for food processing are not shareable .
This a very new cheap $ 42 a night hotel in a central location . Super friendly staff , clean new small modern rooms . Great lap pool on roof . Awesome breakfast included - photo is eggs Benedict Only prob was it backed onto a residential area and the roosters started 5am .
This is first time we stayed at this hotel in Bali . Clean room and great place . The restaurant is closed at 11 pm . The roof pool is awesome so we can see the Legian Beach from the top . Nice moment to remember .
The pool is awesome ! ! ! Room is comfy ! Budget hotel but pretty cool ! Didnt try the breakfast tho . They have accoustic live music in bar , price for coffee is reasonable ! We enjoy alot n definetely come back !
The room was clean and well presented . The desk staff helpful , the bed comfortable and the breakfast selection good . Just would have liked a fridge in the room to chill some water . AS stay was overnight and chekcin late had no chance to explore the region much at all however typical of Bali it was humming evenat at the late hour . Sleep however was still peaceful .
we stayed here 3 nights after a long trip in Asia . The reception was very good and all services equally . excellent breakfast with pastries basket and a main course and more . Only negative , no umbrella at the rooftop pool . despite a request to management , I could not have a clear answer as to their purchase .
When I mentioned to Surabaya that I misplaced my shoes that morning by the pool he offered to go to housekeeping and try and locate them . Sure enough he found them . Quite a relief . Additionally he was so polite and pleasant it made my gym experience a real pleasure .
Sofitel Nusa Dua is an excellent hotel with fantastic facilities and service . Our stay was exceptionally wonderful by very friendly housekeeper Asih who not only cleaned our room beautifully but made our stay special with touching and lovely gestures such as artistically arranging our towels in the shape of a person . She also attended to all our needs and requests in a lovely manner .
It was my first time staying in Sofitel Bali Nusa Dua , I really felt comfortable because of the professional services especially when I left my children at the kids club . The place was clean and the service was good . It made my children happy and safe to play around .
Not a 5 star restaurant , menu was poor , food was average . Toilets were bad . Not what we would expect from a Sofitel . As Accor members we have stayed at many so have a very cleared expectation on what to expect plus what is promised . Will not vist again .
I stayed there for 2 nights , there are many free activities provided , clean rooms , and even though I got a problem with their valet service , they provide a great solution and very fast response to solve it , especially their Front Office Manager Ms . Ang Ambawani ( Anggie ) . It made our stay even better . Will definitely come back again .
We are staying in Sofitel Bali Nusa Dua and since we arrived the Front Office staffs are greet us and given early check in , especially Duty incharge has exceeded our expectations . The attention mainly all is SIMPLY EXCELLENT . it was memorable experience with excellent service from the beginning .
We had a great expirence and would certainly come again . We wish we didnt purchase the meals package because it was too much to eat and the menue was limited after awhile . Also the best breakfast that we have ever had in a hotel ever .
This resort has everything , the food , service , facilities are impeccable We booked the room with a private pool and it did not disappoint . The New Year ’ s Eve event was amazing . The Buffett breakfast has ever taste and high quality .
This is our second visit to the Sofitel Nusa Dua and we have enjoyed our time at this resort . Nice room , great pools and facilities . The breakfast buffet is the best we have ever seen and a special thank you to Rista who served us each morning .
We stayed at Sofitel for 5 days and what a paradise by the beach . From the pool to the recreation activities , there is a lot to do when unwinding at the beach side of Nusa dua . Mangdi was particularly helpful in guiding us with the activities , the archery is definitely recommended !
After a bit of cardio , we tried the weights . Agus was I credibly helpful and taught us how to use the machines and do some exercises for about an hour . He explained which exercises were good depending on the part of the body you want to strengthen . Will be coming back tomorrow .
We had a great stay here and enjoyed the room , pool , and gym facilities . Two things that tainted this were the slow check in process and also the reception staff saying there were gluten free breakfast options just to ask the staff . Anytime we asked any of the staff or chefs they clearly did not understand what gluten free meant and were offering normal bread or dairy free alternatives .
We have just completed 8 relaxing days at Sofitel Nusa Dua . This is a beautiful resort with friendly , welcoming staff . They did everything they could to make our stay enjoyable and COVID safe . The pools are huge and the beach lovely . Dining was at the main restaurant or beach while the Mediterranean restaurant is being renovated . Amazing massages at the spa .
We were disappointed when we checked in at Sofitel Nusa Dua until Yuni walked in with deep empathy and customer centricity . Because of her approach and service we extended our stay by additional 4 days at Sofitel and enjoyed the services which we typically expect from Sofitel . Thank you , Yuni for your diligence and service , we will be back soon .
Lovely resort but our room had a mould issue . Smelt strongly of mould and could see mould over bathroom partition wall and over light fittings . Very nice breakfast but food kept just warm when should have been hot . Lovely pool area and friendly staff .
We had a great 10 days at Sofitel Nusa Dua . Soooo relaxing . Massage on the beach was so much fun . Our room was a swim up to the pool , a short aquatic trip to the swim up bar . We had a great trip into the market on the resort bikes , Satria was great setting us up with the best bikes !
Beautiful Hotel with very large pool . Staffs were friendly , unfortunately they didn ' t turn on the ac when we checked in so it was a little bit hot . Room was spacious , and well maintained . This hotel also has their private beach which very beautiful . Will come back definately . . .
First of all , the breakfast is very good . Especially the croissant and the asian corner where they served beehoon soup or fried kwe tiaw . The pools are very nice , the beach is just okay as the type of the beach in nusa dua ia without wave . It is also very nice that in the hotel area , there is a manarai beach club .
We stayed 2 days in Sofitel . The hotel is very big and beautiful , with moderate wave by the beach . Their pool is clean and comfy , all the sunbathe bed is provide with towel , the hotel also provide infused water for free . All the staffs works really hard to satisfying customers . Special thanked to Meity the manager was so kind and responsive .
Very disappointed with hotel service because the in house guest is high but the staff is very less . Specially when breakfast time it is very crowded . Please the hotel manager and restaurant manager to evaluate if the in house guest high consider about the total staff to serve the in house guest .
The room is very big and comfortable . the swimming pool very big and fun . there are so many interesting activities here like jogging , cycling etc . the breakfast is ok there so many choices .
It might be because of just coming out of pandemic but very hit and miss . Breakfast is very ordinary and just don ' t bother for lunch . Very limited menu . Room service - had to call twice out of 3 days stay to get the room serviced . Asked room service for 2 cold beers and got told 30 to 40 minutes . Just not up to a 4 star rating .
Only one night stay here due to work meetings . The room is spacious clean and comfortable . The breakfast spread is good but the layout of the cafe restaurant is large and makes getting around a bit more effort . Hope to be back in future to experience and enjoy the full amenities including the gym , pool and spa ( for the Mrs ) and running around and along the beach .
Cleanliness of the room was not at all up to standard . Toilet bowl had fecal remains from previous guests . Reception did not care about complaint and there was no housekeeping send to rectify . Loud music from the pool at 6 . 40am in the morning from a fitness class , so sleeping was not possible anymore . Customer orientation not given . Not at all a 5 star experience .
Having a hard time reaching the hotel to arrange the use of our credit which was given to us as we couldn ’ t travel during the covid travel restrictions period . Disappointed , will keep trying . They replied initially via email to my inquiry but nothing since then after a few follow up emails to confirm dates .
We stayed at Sofitel for our honeymoon . It was definitely amazing stay at Sofitel Bali Nusa Dua . We were well treated and served by all friendly staff , especially guest experience team named Dian who encouraged our special occasion during stay . Also special thanks for Adi who prepared and arranged honeymoon set up in the room . It was perfect ! absolutely will visit again soon . Thank you Sofitel !
We just spent 10 nights at the Sofitel Nusa Dua and didn ’ t want to leave . Our pool swim out room with club access was amazing . We could spend the morning at one of the larger pools and the afternoon in the pool outside our room . The staff were attentive and helpful . It is wonderful to be back in Bali .
Superb private room with plunge pool Large room good internet , tv not working due to niepy . Hope to be back soon . Food was a bit messy due to nuber of customers . Understandable . Great hotel facing the ocean . Perfect location , good management .
Mustika was helpful and super friendly when we took part in archery within the Sofitel resort . He taught us how to use the bow and arrow and was very patient whilst teaching . The price of the service is very reasonable and the archery was enjoyable .
This is our first time staying in Sofitel and WOW the perfect word to describe it . The experienxe that me and my partner is amazing with super warm welcome by meity duty manager and great room with exceptional service by all team . Citra guest experience is arranging last minute transportation pick up due to flight is change .
A colleague and I recently stayed at the Sofitel Bali and I want to commend them for their customer service . My colleague fell ill and we needed to extend our stay for 10 days . They accommodated us and check on my colleague everyday making sure she was feeling better . The staff was amazing .
Me and my husband had a wonderful stay . We got upgraded to prestige suite , it was spacious and comfortable . Breakfast was ok , since they provide fresh pressed juice , but i wish there were lots of food variety .
Our room was way too far from restaurants and Breakfast . Same menu lunch and dinner for 10 days .
Our family of 4 ( 10 & 8 year old children ) had a wonderful week at the Sofitel Nusa Dua . The adjoining rooms worked well , the food was delicious and we enjoyed the activities . I did yoga every morning and my husband was very impressed with the gym . We all enjoyed the beautiful pool area and water aerobics . We came home feeling very relaxed and recharged .
My husband and I were totally blown away when we walked into our room to find the wonderful greeting written on the table by Melani . Thank you so much , you truly made our day . This is our third stay at the Sofitel Nusa Dua Beach Resort and we love coming back .
Nice Hotel , clean room , because Covid procedure all room are disinfectant and staff who sent us to room are not allowed to enter room . Swimming pool big but no deep . Beach clean sand but cannot swim because sea urchins . Breakfast good although no buffet because social distancing . Staff very friendly .
Spent my birthday there , got upgrade to pool access room and birthday cake . Thank you Guest Experince Nice pool . Unfortunately a lot of sellers offering in the beach and not easy to find our room after check in . The club millesime is closed and we got only canapé and mocktail during happy hour .
Stayed 2 nights in luxury private plunge pool room , the bed was excellent , their breakfast was good but crowded . . . But with a little effort should be no problem . .
Nice place , good price . Love the beach and the breakfast . Recommended for family stay , have a lot of activities and kids friendly . Overall is very good but needs more improvement in room cleaning service .
Excellent service . The aqua instructor Mustika is outstanding . The Bataki trio who play music at lunch time are fantastic . They make it so much more enjoyable . Wish they were here in the evenings too . Food is good but not impressed with desserts at all . Could be more fruit available . Last night they had very little chicken tikka and yet do much fish and roast pig .
We recently stayed at Sofitel Nusa Dua to attend wedding . Loved every aspect of our stay . Special mention to the guest experience at lobby , especially the service of Dian . She was so proactive and helpful ensuring our room to put on priorty be ready . Also shoutout for Dayu at the bar . She could almost predict what we needed . Would definitely stay again for holiday .
The whole family enjoyed the good times during the weekend . . Great Deal . . So warm welcome . . thank you to Meity , Duty Manager Staffs are super friendly Huge room , beautiful garden and stunning private pool Understood mini bar is not being set up during these times , small menu but delicious & hygiene meals . Hugs for Enrique for arranging our check out nice and smoothly .
Very worth it . Excellent services . Lots of activities to enjoy with family and loved ones . Good food . Good vibes . Beautiful view . Clean room . They have antigen and PCR testing in the hotel , very convinient .
The hotel is big , It has a clean comfortable , luxurious room . The staffs were great . Variety of food choices during breakfast was great … love it ! The beach hotel also great . However , the check in process was lousy , it takes too long , and packed with hotel guests .
Lovely facility and great for kids . So for a highlight - thanks to Mang De for great help . Kids club was great . Nusa Dua excellent for walking along the short - heaps of restaurants at the different resorts . We had 2 adjoining room for 5 ppl and it was perfect . Rooms are excellent .
Cleanliness of the room need improvement , room wasn ' t that clean even its big and spacious . Hotel Landscaping is beautiful tho . One of the things I love is plenty of activities in the resort including yoga . I joined Mustika ' s class and enjoy this class a lot .
This is second time stayed in Sofitel Bali for business purpose . The service is excellent , staffs were helpful & friendly and lovely clean rooms serviced daily .
Thank you ms widya for the honeymoon decoration surpsise . Overall its a good and memorable stay . The staff are very polite and friendly , the breakfast is quiet tasty , but the room nees to be cleaner i think . The sheets is not clean enough imo .
We have stayed at this hotel for 3 nights , all the staff was amazing , friendly , helpful and very attentive . Breakfast was very delicious . We had a super delicious and romantic dinner at Cucina Italiana . Overall , we had a wonderful and unforgettable experience at this hotel for our anniversary . We are highly recommended this hotel for anyone .
Sofitel Nusa Dua has amazing breakfast and good cuisine to choose from . Spend time in the pool in the morning , have a siesta and then the beach in the afternoon under the hut . The beach is at the end of the hotel . How good is that . You can enjoy long walks along the beach . Even enjoy a massage at the beach . Must attend resort .
Staying at the Sofitel Nusa Dua Bali . The rooms are roomy and clean . We have a plunge pool set in tropical gardens which is beautiful . The staff here are really nice and helpful . Indra our host at the Le Bar is great . Thank you for looking after us .
Nice room , nice beach . But very below average restaurant ( tourist trap ) . Bad breakfast , crowded buffet style , without any distancing . Poor choice at the restaurant , with a 2 star taste . Fortunately we discovered a great breakfast place near the hotel ( Arwana restaurant ) .
this was our second attempt at an Accor hotels after Novotel Karon in Phuket , Thailand , and everything was wonderful . Our hotel and room was better than we expected . The plunge pool room was great , the hotel location , cleanliness and service were very high . Exterior and interior are breathtaking . If we back in Bali , we would visit it again for sure !
Great hospitality and service by Stella . The room is clean and cosy , although the bed can be improve a bit . The breakfast have many selections and the coffee is excellent . Pools and the garden are well maintained . . Good job considering pandemic situation .
We stay for 6 night . . . . the room is really nice and clean . My daughter love to spent time at kids club , she did some activity there like face painting with manda , nail polish with Repin , zumba with Asri and Hairbraiding with Eka .
Very nice hotel with very good service , especially from mbak Yuli Butler . The food is good . Room is well , although the bath up in front of the bed made me little bit confusing . Would love to stay here next time I visit Bali .
Facilities especially the rooms are very damp , lots of mildew , probably not been used for a long time . Overall property is outdated . Staff is friendly and helpful , activities are less crowded as of yet .
Fantastic holiday We only hated that we were forced to pay premium to book a dinner table - twice … we had to buy wine that we don ’ t drink I order to secure a reservation . No option was given to those who didn ’ t want to book a table cos they didn ’ t drink wine or who couldn ’ t afford reservation .
Although the property shows it ' s age , the service provided , especially for the kids , was fantastic . The village chef was very involved in the daily activites and we felt a lot of passion from most of the staff we have interacted with . Will consider coming back again .
Beautiful grounds and location but not the right choice for our family . We travelled with two teenage boys and it was very hard to have a low key experience within the resort - lots of interaction expected between guests and GO ' s from sunrise to sunset . The rooms are also extremely dated and ours had dirty curtains and broken fixtures . I think there are resorts that offer better value .
Excellent vacation with a truly all inclusive experience . Despite this being the rainy season we had a good experience and the staff managed the weather change easily . Food variety excellent to suit most tastes . Excursion to GWK park worthwhile . Very difficult to book snorkeling due to high demand . Other sporting facilities easy to access .
The staff was wonderful . Food was decent , pools were nice , and spa was wonderful . The room was outdated and the AC did NOT work . It was so damp and uncomfortable in our room that we ate the cost and moved to a different hotel halfway through our vacation . Would not recommend staying at ClubMed Bali .
The team at Club Med is absolutely amazing and welcomed us to the resort with open arms . Special thanks to Arifin , Benz , Chef Geronimo , and Aldrin . They are so attentive and made us feel special . However , the rooms are very dated and the towels were not fresh .
This resort has so much more than I expected , windsurfing , paddle boarding , kayaks , snorkelling , archery , 6 hole golf course and driving range , tennis , badminton , archery and yoga . The aqua gym class is not to be missed or the evening entertainment every night . The food is 5 star and variety diverse . The spa is superb .
I had never been to Bali nor stayed at Club Med resort and I will now never stay anywhere other than a Clubmed resort . The staff were amazing especially a young man by the name of Fred who worked in the children ’ s centre and another young man by the name of Arifin who worked behind bars .
Yoan & team have done an exceptional and seamless job bringing CMB up to speed after covid . The resort had only been open 5 weeks and yet everything - service , smiles , knowledge , choreography , shows , bar , restaurant , spa , poolside service absolutely outstanding , so very well run . Incredible job , congratulations Yoan .
This club never fails to achieve . We had 11 wonderful days relaxing , eating & chatting to all the charming GO ’ s ( gentle organisers ) . Lots to do or nothing if you wish . Our biggest dilemma was which pool to visit & which bed to lie on . Fantastic food & “ white night ” was brilliant . Well done Club Med .
We had a fantastic 4 days , 4 nights at Club Med Bali . Service level exceeded our expectations with a very capable international team lookin after guests . I had brought my kitesurfing equipment based on wind forecast and really enjoyed 4 days of kiting in crystal clear waters . I wouldnt recommend for beginners , but for any experienced kiter this is a great place when windy .
Spent 3N in Clubmed Bali in June 2022 . Well entertained by the GO team , especially glad to chat alot with the Mini Club GO . Forgot to get to exchange contact for one of the Mini Club GO Ms Lingnee ( sorry if I spelt the name wrongly ) . Appreciate if you can get Lingnee can contact me by email @ phon4272 @ hotmail .
We had a wonderful 9 days in Bali . It was great for the kids , so many activities and games for them . Wonderful to have so many food choices for them too . I enjoyed the cocktails ! However , it would have been excellent to have more plant based , vegan options provided in the all inclusive buffet . It was very meat focused .
Incredibly friendly and helpful staff . Lots of fun activities , but also places to kick back and relax . Great service ! Excellent food ! Nice little surprises throughout the stay ( e . g . , fireworks ) . I was there just after they reopened after COVID , so still dealing with getting their app up and running .
Fantastic place to get away with the family . Lovely atmosphere with great care paid to ensure kids and adults are looked after . Rooms can be a bit dated , but staff enthusiasm more than makes up for this !
- some misinformation / inconsistent information given by the staff which is a bit confusing - bed bugs ! The room could be properly cleaned . - my kids didnt like the kids club programme .
This is my first time coming to Bali This trip i stayed at Club Med Nusa Dua My trip was amazing and all the staff here were nice and very freindly . Especially Aldo , Chiquitta and Matt . during my stay i have made many freinds while i have been staying here . Overall my trip was amazing and would love to come back .
Had many travels including Cruises around the world and I dare to say it was the most enjoyable and memorable holidays for me and my wife . Very nice and friendly GOs . Great foods and all fun activities ! ! ! Special thanks to Sophie , Joy , Santo , Tawan , Anita , Benz , Picki , Oda , Angga and Yigit for making us this happiest time .
After a very disappointing experience this summer ( at Club Med Pesey Vallandry ) , I was a little anxious to go back to Club Med . I am delighted that we gave it a try at Club Med Bali . The whole team is fantastic , smiling , friendly , welcoming . Special thanks to Bruno for his communicative good mood and helpfulness ! We will definitely go again !
Been to Bali many times but 1st time Club Med - 1st of many times now as I can ’ t imagine how to holiday without the amazing GO ’ s . If you need a break with or without kids , I can promise you will be looked after at Club Med Bali .
Loved every minute of it , a great way to finish a multi country holiday . Spending 5 days there just relaxing and recharging . Great place for the kids and the adults , plenty of activities if you want them or just chill by the pools . Thank you club med .
Awesome service rendered from the time I stepped into the resort until my departure . I brought my kids aged 3 and 6 along and they had the best time ever with the activities planned by the club . It ' s a good holiday as my hub and I enjoyed time as a couple and had quality time with the kids too .
Outstanding resort in tropical paradise . Never disappoints . Great options for action and relaxation . Our teenager had alot of fun and kept really busy with all the daytime and nightime activities . Zen pool a highlight . Food a bit of a lowlight . . .
Checked in on 12 December 2015 , discovered a gigantic lizard in the room . House - keeping was unable to catch it and we could not switch rooms due the the reservations person not being in till 10am the next morning . First and last time visiting this resort !
Please do not visit this hotel . The rooms are shabby and look nothing like the pictures on the website . The reception staff are rude and the kids activities can barely entertain for a few hours a day . You are much closer better off at one of the other nearby Nusa Dua hotels .
After travelling to Bali on our 7th trip - we decided to stay at Club Med Hated every second Every hotel we have stayed has been amazing NOT CLUB MED Watered down hot drinks Staff just didn ' t enjoy their jobs - not like Balinese The restaurant was a circus with ants everywhere Coffee was the worst I ' ve ever tasted and no bar snacks at 4 .
Staff good , activities good , rooms need updating , food noodles and rice most nights , 95 % CHINEESE people staying who are extremely rude at breakfast lunch and dinner , don ' t bother if you are from Australia .
Fantastic kids club GOs . The kids had the best fun . The resort is beautiful and great value for money but the rooms need to be upgraded . Also as return guests I believe we should have been given our requested rooms especially as we needed to be on the floor with no stairs as we were traveling with a wheelchair .
We stayed here last week for five days . Overall it ' s very good experience . Kids are enjoying the swimming and kids club . And I had a good time snorkeling . However , some guests are smoking around the pool and the garden . ( And ash tray everywhere . ) It should be a smoking room or smoking area for those guests , because there are lots of kids around .
Visit Club Meb for family vacation . It is not a luxury hotel . Yet , you can enjoy . The foods are excellent . The staff and OG there are nice and cheerful . My daughter enjoy the bouncy bouncy there , and she had try the trapez there too . We have great fun there !
I expected basic rooms but not dirty rooms ! Towels were thin and had holes ! Curtains filthy ! Food ok and plenty but not as good as expected Not enough sun lounges But FANTASTIC holiday for kids .
Room service response was terrible , we waited 2 hours for room service to deliver pizza and that is if you are lucky to get someone on the phone . The cleaning staff always forgot something e . g towels , water , paper , bath kit etc .
The hotel is worn down and very dirty . Breakfast was very poor . The hotel is huge , it takes very long time to get to the pool or the beach . Kids club is dirty as well . Reception never picked up the phone so we had to go all the way down to get room service .
Hotel is outdated , rooms need a update . Capacity restaurants and sunbeds is not enough . You need to patient when ordering a cup of tea at breakfast or a drink on the beach . We arrived at 14 . 00h and had to wait until 17 . 00h for our rooms . After a 24hrs trip this is a very unpleasant surprise .
Had a most enjoyable 8 days . Room was spacious , food delicious and the staff were very friendly and went out of their way to please us . Two minor issues that I feel that the hotel should look into , firstly the shower should be hotter and secondly there should be rubber mats provided when showering as it was slippery at times . Will definitely go back if ever in Nusa Dua again .
The rooms are clean and neat . In room wifi sometomes may not stable . There are many shops , as well as a money changer office of a national bank . Breakfast variety need to be improved . Hotel staffs are very friendly and helpful .
The hotel is very old and not maintained well . While the food quality is good , the beach is beautiful and the staff works hard to give a good experience , the hotel is riddled with bugs and the condition of the rooms are terrible . For the price , you will be better off staying elsewhere .
Paradise on Bali . This is a beautiful hotel set in many acres . Everything runs slowly cause of the humidity except for room service who must run they come so quickly . The air conditioning was great in the rooms just when your old the heat and the walking are tough . The hotel themselves were amazing and super helpful .
Grounds and facilities were great for a young family . The rooms were a bit dated , however , and the the service could be quite slow given the size / occupancy of the resort . I would come back as you do not need to leave the resort and the beach to enjoy your vacation .
Stayed at one of the Suites with kids . This hotel remain well maintained during pandemic time compared to other 5 stars resort . Breakfast was good . Definitely one of our favourite hotel everytime we visit Bali .
We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights . The assigned room was very far from the pool but they had no issue to move us closer . The room and bathroom was clean and spacious . The food is delicious and reasonably priced . We live in Bali but love to come here for a day visit . The staff is so friendly and helpful .
The property was nice as it was strategically located in Nusa Dua , Bali . Given that it is a five - star establishment , some of the amenities and the establishment itself would need a refreshment / revamping in my opinion .
Fantastic service and staff are very friendly . . Although clean the resort is showing signs of age . .
Overall , I spent a few nice days there . Unfortunately , the second restaurant on the beach was closed for renovations . The breakfast / meal could be broader in terms of its selection of western food . The beach is really very nice , only the vendors can sometimes be a bit annoying . The staff and the surroundings of the hotel are very nice .
In January 2020 was our third stay in Grand Hyatt Nusa Dua . As before we find the hotel pools , garden , rooms and food are excellent and we have had wonderful stay . The beach side of Grand Hyatt Nusa Dua has been kept clean and safe to swim .
We had a pleasant stay ! The resort complex is very large , has a private beach , very large pool it has a mini water slide , my daughter was very happy ! Very clean room , the location is good for healing & relaxing . The breakfast was okay not many choice of food . We will come back for sure !
This resort should NOT be a 5 star resort rating . Rooms are due for renovations . The wardrobe is so old . The staff and service are definitely not a 5 star , could pass 2 or 3 star . They need proper training . Food is ok . The pool needs major cleaning . Kids club is great . All the ladies minding the kids were lovely . The private beach is amazing .
The rate is adjusting in pandemic time . Just 1 tower of hotel is opened . After a long period closed , the smelled of room is so humid . Lot of facilities is closed or the schedule is changed . So quite , because the guest is rarely .
Great and friendly staff , great facilities - especially the pool . Awesome . Design and decor ( room and surrounding ) a bit dated . Lobby is awesome . Staff are really helpful in helping and assisting the guests .
A little bit bad experienced when i stayed here couple of days ago , theres a spider web inside room , i cannot make a phonecall because of the room phone is broken , and the freezer is broken too . And when i requested bell boy to pick my baggage to check out , i wait for 30 minutes and nobody come .
Check in process so slow , check in area very Hot , old room and toilet not clean . Room services slow response , TV not working at first time and have waited for technician .
Stay at Grand Hyatt was pleasant and facilities were good albeit certain parts of the hotel looked old . Refurbishment required . Room was clean but TV not working properly . Food at the restaurants were great . Beach was beautiful and quiet .
When my husband and I decided to go to Bali we saw they had a Grand Hyatt and decided to stay there due to the fact we trust their name . This was an exceptional stay , the hotel was beautiful ( but bit outdated ) inside . Our room was very clean and the staff went out of their way to make us feel at home and that was incredible I must say .
I am very happy with my stay at Grand Hyatt as we returned to Bali after 2 . 5 years . We came last time just before covid and most of the hotel is exactly the same . The staff was welcoming with fabulous breakfast . The beach is secluded and clean with sun rise is just icing on the cake . We will definatly come back next year .
We had a lovely stay over Christmas and New Year in Grand Hyatt . Excellent service and food . Had a bit trouble with sleep due to trouble with air con and finding the right temperature in the room , also a bit too firm beds . Otherwise super please with the stay ! Could have had a bit more celebration for New Year at the Resort .
The service is pathetic . Had a bad experience with the services . One day we got delayed extremely coz our locker got locked in . One day we had to wait an hour to receive cutlery in the room . The property is very good .
It was so nice coming out of the taxi and entering the premises of Grand Hyatt Bali . Amazing atmosphere and the staff working here go out of there way to make you feel welcome . The rooms look a bit old , but it ’ s just charming . The pool area and beach around the hotel is really great . We would for sure stay here again !
Great resort . Staff very friendly and rooms extremely clean . Absolutely no complaints with the food . And the pool is amazing . Just very surprised the walls of our our room paper thin . Can hear chairs and foot steps . Not so nice when it ’ s 4am in the morning .
This hotel is good for kids ! But for parents it ’ s expensive and lacking quality . Impossible to get a drink by the pool , food is terrible quality . Cheap and not appetizing . Highly recommend looking into other hotels . The Fairmont at Sanur is amazing ! ! !
Only very old and slow employees . 15 to 30 mn waiting to get a table for each meal . I asked . for toothpaste . . It took 4 hours to get it to my room . Buildings start to look old and out of fashion . Swimming pool around the slide area very smelly . Not very enjoyable overall experience and very far from a fancy place for a 5 star hotel .
Customer service is great . Hotel staff are all super friendly . Hotel facility is top of the chart , even though some of the rooms need some rehabilitation . Kids love the pool and beach . We booked a garden view room , but got a ocean view one instead . We couldn ’ t be happier .
Great location away from the hustle and bustle of The west side . Food is average and service is chaotic . However the staff are lovely . Very few shops in the area and taxis are needed to go anywhere ! Not all areas have reopened - after the Covid lockdowns !
This is like other Hyatt places Land is huge beach not as good as expected . The water is quite far out . Tide was low all the time .
We recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt with our two young kids . The facilities and hotel are amazing , they will blow you away . The food and drink was more expensive than any other resort we had stayed in though . Staff were amazing . The pools were our favourite part of the stay .
The pools are wonderful , location is awesome . Great beach and convenience of shopping and resturants . Bluebird taxi rank right outside the entrance . Very happy with the price and quality . There breakfast just needs a little tweeking . Club lounge meals in the afternoon were value for money .
Nice place to stay for short escape with the family . Huge resort and lots of activities spot . Need improvement on mosquito control , specially because lots of pond and plantpot inside the hotel . The staff and service was excellent . Breakfast menu just nice . The Le Petit Chef dinner is extraordinary , two thumbs up .
Biggest hotel I ever stay I think . Pool are good enjoy it . Beach is beautiful . Rooms are large size bathrooms are perfect . Breakfast was poor not much choose . Lobby and restaurant was very welcoming . Reception must show all hotels . you meh gat lost .
Nothing bad to say about my stay besides that the room was ok , but not in perfect state . Staff was very friendly , shower was good , bed was great … . Hotel Is huge whichever something you must like . It was not that busy now but I wonder what it would be when fully booked .
Grand Hyatt is not a new hotel , but is very good hotel . Very good personality staff hotel ( all staff from security , front desk , restoran staff ( inc chef ) , until cleaning service ) . Clean beach , good view .
I stayed in Hyatt Nusa Dua for 3 days and 2 nights . I booked a Grand room but they upgraded my room to Suite room which has kitchen and living room . Overall it was amazing service and hospitality .
The Grand Hyatt Bali exceeded our expectations . The staff were amazing . Especially the Manager of the breakfast dining room ( I think her name was Roco ) . Nothing was too much for any staff member . Rooms were awesome . Maybe a little more variety at breakfast when you stay for a while . We will definitely be back .
Hotel seemed understaffed compared to number of guests . Did not get our rooms well beyond check in time of 3pm . Other people in our party got rooms at 6pm . Hand towels not in room . Had to remind twice before we got them . Some other requests were not answered until after several reminders . Far below expectations from the Hyatt . Will not stay again here .
Very good hotel with a good location . The Pools are all good , the food has a lot of variety and is very good at the many restaurants , and the gym is OK too . Great place to relax and have a holiday - have booked again for next year !
We stayed at the Grand Hyatt Bali to end the last two days of our honeymoon . The resort is beautiful for the honeymoon couple or the entire family ! The rooms are spacious . The food is excellent and the service is outstanding .
Hotel is good , nice environment , nice facility especially for kids . Clean beach nice pool , good breakfast . The minus things is i must wait until 16 . 30 pm to check in , which is very late for 5 stars hotel , chiller in our room was not work so i must wait for new chiller . And they not provide buggy for room located far from lobby .
Checked in and back out within an hour , room quality is tired 3 star at best . The lagoon outside our room was full of floating dead fish and plastic water bottles . TV didn ’ t work , half a used bog roll left in the pan and after making a pretty reasonable complaint an absolute refusal to make any kind of room upgrade . Hopeless service standards from the management .
I never thoght that the hotel would be that big . Lots of plants and trees surrounding the hotel . The staff were very nice and very helpful .
The hotel is old but perfect for holiday in Bali , located at Nusa Dua and beach side . First impression at the lobby was unforgettable especially with koi fish in the pool and cute lizards was walking .
DON ' T STAY HERE . Staff lovely , but in 8 trips to Bali this is the most we have paid and it is nothing short of pathetic . Stuff stolen , toilet not work , tv & wifi not working , management lie after lie .
Our room we booked at the Grand Club . The Grand Club has an open - air lounge and offers complementary continental breakfast , all - day tea and coffee , evening cocktails , magazines , daily newspapers and a private swimming pool . Wifi is also free . The staff is very attentive and friendly . We had a great vacation and can only recommend this hotel .
Presence of mould in room is a major oversight from management . We had kids and could not believe that management would still let the room be occupied . Outdated hotel condition was also a huge damper on our vacation .
Hyatt is well known as a brand to provide seamless experience , which clearly was missing . Service was terrible and slow , left 3 days earlier food was ok locals were really nice , and Spa was great ! Rooms needs rennovation collaboration with luxury escapes is not worth the money . no impressed .
Dated and smelly room . Chipped ceramic , the luxury escape package was a joke . Private jacuzzi wasn ' t working , lies with the secret balinese pool being off the map , breakfast was the same disappointing one everyday with limited changes . The barmen had no clue how to make proper cocktails and blaming it on their pineapple juice !
Grand Hyatt Bali is at Nusa Dua . Not too far from Bali Airport . Opposite the main entrance is Bali Collection . Beach is also within a stone throw . So it is definitely a perfect choice of accommodation at Bali for an escape from the dreary realities of life .
For Family with kids , Grand Hyatt Bali is the best choice for fun . Beautifully managed gardens and nature together with best of best swimming pools for kids under age 10 are the reason why we visit there every year . However , the quality of breakfast is getting worse , especially the breakfast at Club is the worst I have ever had .
As frequent visitors of Bali , we like the location of this hotel . Friendly staff , great gym & personal coach ! Garden , pools and surroundings are beautiful . Rooms and beach furnitures are outdated .
It was a great stay ! Good pools and fantastic beach . Because of all the plastic on the beach , the hotel should encourage the guests to clean up - maybe do an event one or twice a week . People will gladly join . Good for awareness , and also a chance for people to teach their children .
This hotel is not a 5 star and is in urgent need of room upgrades .
Just returned from the Grand Hyatt . The pool for 6 out of the 8 days was GREEN . The staff and service was hopelessly apathetic . The bathrooms stank of sewerage . There are a million better places to stay than here . Don ' t Bother .
This was a very nice resort but after staying in smaller hotels in other areas we found that this one was way less personal and could have been anywhere in the world really , you wouldn ' t even know you are in Bali . But the staff we came across were very friendly and the breakfast was yum . Was easy walking distance to the shops .
Do yourself a favour and stay in the one bedroom suite ! The other rooms are way too noisy , small and dark ! The security is great here , and points for the room service food was delivered quickly and the staff delivering food friendly . The mash potatoes were nice and kids burger too . Drinks came with a glass of ice that was covered . Stayed for 5 nights .
I booked the room for celebrating our wedding anniversary through my travel agent , and already put some detail about our wedding anniversary in advanced , hope for some little surprise no matter what the surprise will be , because as a guest we love some little surprise , attention to detail and caring feeling we received from the hotel .
the hotel room was quite spacious and comfortable . there were a lot of shelfes and cupboard , and even an iron and it ’ s board . the food from room service was delicious and its price was reasonable . our room was also soundproof . the hotel location is less than 5 minutes walk to Seminyak Beach and the renowned La Plancha or Chez Gado Gado .
Stayed here for four nights , we loved it , the pool area is great , breakfast is great and the bed was very Comfy . The only thing we didn ’ t like was the toilet door was clear glass . There is another door but that encloses the whole bathroom area , so no one can use it if your in the toilet .
I stayed in Seminyak for a month on a working holiday and stopped at many restaurants and hotels . The staff at Courtyard were by far the friendliest , most attentive and professional . The food is also unmatched . Special thanks to Wika , Arini , Indah , Maria and the rest of the team for their generous hospitality .
Have stayed here several times . This is a great property , best pool in Bali and very friendly staff . Amazingly , for a 5 star hotel , they have 1 star towels and sheets . There were six in our party and every single person thought the pillows were dreadful . They might seem little things but they can really impact your stay .
First class hotel with very attentive staff that can ' t do enough for you , Food was excellent and sugar sands 1st class , staff around cave pool bar was also fantastic . all wrapped in a great position for the beach . Shops are a a 15 to 30 min walk but its cheap to get taxi everywhere .
Service , service , service … you simply can ’ t fault it . For those thinking , what ’ s Bali like post Covid , don ’ t worry , it ’ s back and better than ever . The staff here are wonderful and made our family ’ s stay memorable and comfortable . A highly recommended hotel for families .
We stayed at the Marriott for 8 nights and absolutely loved it . All the staff were very accommodating - special mention to Gus Dek who took great care of us and made our experience all the better . Really went out of his way to please us ! ! ! We will be back . Thanks Gus Dek ! !
This is the first pool pass experience for me and another friends of 3 . We were welcomed by Manager of Duty Mr . Lutfi . All staff from the moment we arrived are very attentive and helpfull . The food are very tasty , and the quality is good . Pool and hotel ambience are well maintained . The property is clean and C19 protocol is well applied .
The road in front of the hotel is narrow and the atmosphere nearby is quite crowded . Room is nice and complete with amenities . I aslo tried the gym and the sport facilities were quite complete . I went for business trip there and the F & B for the meetings are delicious . Staffs are nice and friendly .
I am here for business , put up in this hotel by my kind client . The hotel is top of the top for Seminyak , amenities and staff alike ( the staff had been abdolutely adorable ) . Very nice swimming pool , pool bar and fitness room , the food is very good ( especially breakfast ) . Well done Marriott !
Professional photos don ’ t do this hotel justice . It ’ s a great 5 * hotel with luxurious rooms and all the facilities you need . I ’ m not a breakfast buffet person but my boyfriend loved it . Good location - not exactly in the heart of Seminyak but still within fair distance of everything and very close to the beach . Would recommend !
I couldn ' t think of a single fault or deficiency of this hotel during my one week stay . The spa in on site and excellent as well and the food and dining options . It ' s a 10 minute walk to the beach with a thriving nightlife scene .
Stayed for 3 night during end February for meetings . Rooms are big and facilities throughout hotel was great . Check in and check out was breeze . Staffs were friendly and felt welcoming . Near to beach and lots of shop and restaurants . About 40mins to airport on a normal traffic condition . Pool bar was great .
I stayed at this Hotel for 3 nights recently . Upon arrival I was offered Bintang Beer as welcome drink that was great . Modern room with Bluetooth speaker amazing . Large shower area . Gym was clean and good equipments . Breakfast was great with great coffee options . Walking distance to the beach and laplancha . Great Hotel with kids and close to all the shops .
Great location , amenities , staff and food . The rooms are not huge but sufficient and clean . The staff are very helpful and polite . The pool bar is excellent and they have two pools of which one is ideal for lap swimming . I also liked the fact that you could walk to the beach or get a hotel transfer to the hotel beach .
Had a great time during my short stay in Bali . Conveniently located , close to a number of good restaurants , bars and spas . Theres construction work being done at nearby beach . Staffs at hotel were extremely friendly and helpful . Special thanks to the concierge team , Rosid , Ari and Hardi - made my stay feel like home !
nice , well run hotel , service and food excellent , you need to walk to the beach about 2km on a busy road , they do offer shuttle . very busy area . the pool area is wonderful but drinks are pricey as per all hotels are . i feel hotel should offer after dinner entertainment for holiday makers .
Came to this place by myslef thinking I was gona have a lonely time but the service is very welcoming and facilities better than I thought . Food was awesome with a mix of local and western food . Loved the room service burger . Yeah totally reccommend if you want a chill holiday .
Had 2 nights stays . Check in and check out process went smoothly . Nice decent size of room with overlooking the pool . Variety range of breakfast and it is good . Spa was a wonderful experience . There is shuttle to the beach and Seminyak town . Overall staffs are friendly except one of the lady from call centre which not really helpful .
Stayed here for a couple of nights and although service was good the place lacks atmosphere . Pool area is small for the amount of guests and seevice not as friendly as some others . I prefer Breezes across the road .
We all understand the need for hotel security in Indonesia . But not like this . Intrusive , rude , on the verge of strip - searching guests . A horrible experience . Never again . The rest of the hotel is acceptable but cannot remedy the unpleasant first impression given by security .
We arrived to fighting staff waited an hour to check in . Walked around and found it not pusher friendly . Also kids club is only free for 2 hours then you have to pay . Pool beds are all busy impossible to get . We checked in to room and decided to check out immediately . We returned to the Padma and had the best holiday .
You would have thought that a large hotel chain like Marriot would have designed rooms to accommodate travelers . . . . . . not here . . . . . . in a Pool View Room which is supposed to be upmarket and having to live out of our suitcases as there is hardly any storage for clothing .
First time in Bali and this was the first place we stayed . Having travelled quite a bit we were very impressed with the hotel . Excellent service , clean and good sized rooms , and a huge two storey pool with swim up bar . 5 minute walk to the beach , live band at their bar each night , and the buffet breakfast was superb . Had a great time there .
we stayed here for a few nights before moving to a private pool villa , the hotel is newly opened and provided everything we needed for the first few days of our trip . It is at the southern end of Seminyak , within a few minutes walk to the beach . The buffet breakfast was amazing , lots of choice and options .
My husband and I have just returned from spending seven days at the Courtyard by Marriott and were thoroughly impressed with the hotel . The staff are exceptional and the rooms really lovely . The breakfasts are a gourmand ' s delight as are the meals served in the restaurant . We are planning to return next year for an encore .
My wife and 1 yr old son stayed here for 10 days and would recommend it . It ' s 400m from the beach , has a great breakfast and the staff were AMAZING with our son ( especially Agus ! ! ! ) . The only complaint would be that the pool is quite shaded in the afternoon .
Stayed one night after a relaxing stay in amed . Quick check in , lovely staff , nice room , large hotel but pretty quiet . Had the most amazing breakfast , best ever ! ! ! Close to beach , security . Cocktails bit expensive ! Nice pool bar with lovely staff .
Stayed hear in October for 4 days and had a great time , brad the manager is Australian and made our stay fantastic with his hospitality , the location is great close to beach and restaurants , we stayed in a walkout pool room , I would recommend .
If you are not looking for a villa type of accommodation , I highly recommend this hotel . Adequately sized room with an awesome view of the pool . Plus , their breakfast buffet is simply amazing ! Not only that , the staff are professional and helpful . Thumbs up !
Great place to stay , deluxe pool room , great facilities in room . Super helpful staff . Awesome breakfast / kitchen . Pool bar is fairly steep ! ! The only prob is this place has heaps of families with kiddies who love getting in the pool at sunrise , so sleeping in is not an option .
We stayed here as a family mid May taking advantage of a luxury escape deal , we had 2 connecting pool view rooms . . . . We were advised that the room would be suitable for 4 adults and one child , not really - the beds were only doubles which made it quite snug .
Stayed for 2 nights on our way back from sydney to jakarta . The room is not too big but it was just nice even with kids . Clean and modern . Nice breakfast as well and good location . Cheap massages are just around the corner and shopping area is walking distance as well . The hotel is quite new and the security is very strict like any other marriott hotels .
Perfectly located hotel , with great and friendly staff . . . All very clean and the rooms are also fine . Only thing i feel worth mentioning is that the afternoon pool music is quite loud to hear in the room . . . But i guess no one in bali is there to sleep in the afternoon in their room .
We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights , as Marriot Gold member , i was upgrade to 1 bedroom suite & was also given free breakfast . Breakfast here is amazing , they provide fresh juice , & breakfast options from all over the world . Staff is very nice , Manager personally greets you @ check - in . Excellent hotel for its value !
Most memorable nye ever . So much good clean fun . Everyone in the pool having drinks some r dancing - some r just watching . Even the staff were very festive . Room was so cold and bed - slept like a baby .
Hotel was in a great location , breakfast was great . Only complaint was that we stayed 7 nights and 6 of these nights when our room was made up we had no towels every night we had to rang house keeping was were told we are very sorry and the towels were delivered but it kept on happening . Not sure what happened there .
Just got back from a 7 night stay at the Marriott . Such a nice hotel they should be very proud of the staff they have all were very friendly and nothing was to much trouble . Breakfast was outstanding every day and the rooms were very good they even let us stay in our room and extra 2 hours as we had a late flight . Cleaning of the rooms was outstanding .
No smile , dirty , no service at all . Yes this hotel is cheap but this is hospitality industry , remember . Forget about the location because it is absultely not ! Specialy the lady who works at the front desk . She should not be there , might be somewhere else .
Room very small and extremely smelly . No buffet breakfast as booked . Location scary at night and far from everything . We lasted one night of a seven night stay . Opened window curtain to stare at a brick wall . They could not have cared less when we checked out . Do not go there .
I stay for 2 nights at this hotel . I like this hotel . The architecture of this hotel is good . Room is clean enough . But the smell of bathroom is really bad . Pool is great . I hate the staff really . No smile and no greetings . Please tell the staff to give smile to customer . Thanks .
Friendly staff , close to airport , clean rooms and sheets , no complaints . The check in took less than 10 minutes and they told us we could leave our surfboards behind the counter so we didn ' t have to carry them up the stairs .
1 . Dirty Linen , with many black spot in cover and pillow cover . 2 . Much Worm In the toilet ( disguisting ) 3 . when rainy , the access to NTB very not friendly for pedistarian , flood in Puri Gerenceng Road ( ayu nadi ) .
Stayed here for our first night in Bali as was close to the airport . We did not have a booking and they had a spare room , worked out well for us , nice rooms for the night for those on a budget . Clean and just what was needed for the night .
Location close to the airport . Pictures on the website is not what you get in the room . Towels are torn and stained . Spider webs hanging from the ceiling . Kitchen staff seems untrained in the basics although very friendly . Pool was under construction . Must have been a great place long ago !
I have been at the hotel for a stop - over of 5 hours . The location was perfect ( near the airport ) and I got a taxi waiting the morning after at 5 . 00 AM . Room was basic and clean . For the price paid it was perfect .
Great Location in Tuban if you an early or late flight . Staff very helpful and friendly Room a little bit small but it was O . K for the price ( have all basic need , cable T .
It is located very close to the airport . We stayed there on our way to Jakarta and for the price we paid , I think it ' s well worth the amount we spent for the accommodation . For under AUD20 we get a cold aircond room to sleep a night . It ' s small but it has everything we need to rest , so I can ' t complain .
The air conditioning system is good , wi - fi connection is good , and the location is awesome , This is a budget hotel , but basic needs are provided with nothing bad . Compare with another budget hotel in this area , next tuban is more valuable to recommended .
This hotel was half the price of others I have stayed at in Tuban , in transit : AUS $ 25 including breakfast , booked on booking . com . Room was clean and didn ' t smell ; breakfas was simple but fine ; staff were helpful with a plug adapter to charge my phone . Will definitely stay again .
Not the sort of hotel I ' d normally stay at but chosen by a cheap friend . It was cheap and a central location . Nice grounds but filthy bathroom and the sheets had stains . The kids got a rash from the flacky paint in the pool .
I must carried my valise by myself to the room when check in and check out , the staff didn ' t do me a favor . The bathroom was dirty , the water makes my skin irritation , my body has got shingles . breakfast was bad . The garden was good .
We booked through agoda and then paid 135000 for an extra bed . Bali seems to be very expensive compared to the rest of S E Asia . Rooms were big , bathrooms were ok , everything is dated but the pool is great . Location is ideal for a few days hanging out in Kuta . Breakfast is also good .
Great place to stay here with small children , it lies just off the main road . Rooms are modern and clean . The staff is very friendly and helpful . Plenty of shops and restaurants are just around the corner . The hotel has its own swimming pool and spa .
because the driver ( contacted by the hotel itself ) who came to pick us at the airport brought us at the other hotel which has the same owner and name but Watering Hole I . . . but nobody told us the mistake and we didn ' t notice . . . Our guide discovered it when he came at the wrong address 2 days later ! Not honest from both staff ! !
I have stayed here many times . Rooms are clean and staff is great . Five minutes walk to the beach and lots of nice restaurants nearby . I always feel safe and secure here . Just remember don ' t expect a five star hotel for a one star price .
I had to shift rooms because something happened to the plumbing for the whole floor but other than that it was . . . . Fine . It probably wouldn ' t pass muster in a western country , not clean enough , WiFi only works in the reception area , they turned the ac off during the day ( sometimes ) but for Bali it was well fine . . .
Wouldn ' t stay for too long but it isn ' t bad for a night . Despite all rooms having air con , you have to pay to have it turned on , if not you have a simple desk fan . Clean and tidy though .
If you are looking for budget accommodation in a good location in Sanur you will not go far wrong with this place . The main plus points - it is clean and quiet yet within a few minutes stroll of bars , restaurants , internet , laundry , massage shops and , oh yes , Sanur ' s rather disappointing beach .
This is a budget hotel so don ' t expect rose petals on your pillow but for the price I would definitely stay here again having stayed in another place up the road for nearly double the price and half the service . Good food and friendly and relaxed staff . Perfect if you need a place for the ferry the next day , or need to be near the local surf breaks .
